The primary job of this device is to block the breath that would otherwise produce a popping sound, while allowing your voice to pass through with no noticeable reduction of volume or high frequencies. The double cloth filter blocks the pops and lets the voice through with no coloration. The metal clamp mount attaches to the mike stand secure enough to keep it attached. The goose neck needs a little coaxing to stay where you put it.
So good that I bought another one.  Love the heavy cord and gold connectors.  Bass sounds great.  I just learned last night how to coil them up.  I guess I should read instructions more carefully.  But no harm done, still works great!
I have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. The lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. Simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.
I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.
Monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. I initially purchased a pair ofMonster Rock Instrument Cable - 21 Feet - Angled to Straight 1/4-Inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar I thought I'd pinch a few pennies.  I am so glad I did.I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.Bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. You may find, as I did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.
If you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward.
I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.
I've been using these cables for more than 4 months and they are holding up pretty well.  For years I used seemingly indestructable guitar cables that were made for me by an electrician friend.  When they finally gave out, I got in the habit of using the no-name cables that are always on display near the register at Guitar Center- really more of an impulse buy than something I put any thought into.  After the third or fourth Guitar Center cable failed from light use I decided to try these cables.  Not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better.  I am not terribly hard on my gear but my cables tend to get twisted as I move around and the cheaper ones  eventually fail mid-cable.  I don't mind spending a few extra dollars if the cable is a little more durable.  This cable is actually cheaper- $12 or so shipped- and it's holding up pretty well.  These are actually very reasonably priced for 18' cables.  There is some kind of limited life warantee on this product but I haven't needed it.  Five stars for a nicely made 18 foot guitar cable that costs $12 shipped!Incidentally- these cables are shielded and are meant to connect your instrument to your amp's input.  Do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab.  You want to use unshielded cables for that purpose.Edit-  More than 6 months has passed and this cable is functioning without any issues.  The price on these things has gone up significantly and although the cable is highly recommended, there are probably better values from Hosa, Monster or Planet Waves-
Got this cable to run a rockband keyboard controller to my M-audio profire 2626 to control midi in Pro Tools. Works great! Firm fit, solidly molded ends, reputable branded cable.(a bit on the thin side, but i haven't seen to have any issue due to this or anything. Couldn't go wrong for $5 at the time of my purchase and prime eligibility.
When I was searching for MIDI cables for my ART X-15 foot controller, I came across these Hosa ones, and they were $2 dollars each! As they are now $6, I realize I would still be happy with that price as well, as they are high quality plastic and metal connectors, and work flawlessly. You must realize that they are only 5 feet, as I overestimated it and now wish they were longer. For any connection from racked sound modules, this will be perfect.
I bought these to go from my board to the amp. We use them for a mobile church so they take a beating. They are still going strong.
Sturdy cord and plugs, inexpensive, good value. I don't require professional-level equipment, so this cord serves my purposes well. Satisfied with purchase.
This was exactly what I was after. I have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. Before I used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. I highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.
I bought these because I really had too long of mike cords for my solo live show. And these are really nice cords if you have a home portastudio recording studio like myself. Who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place? I bought two because I use a Digitech Live 2 Harmony processor and two XLR mike cords are required to make it operational. Good price here too. Hard to find just 10' mike cords. Usually longer ones are only obtainable.
This cable seems like it will last me for a while. As it is only being used to connect a DI box it will not get abused as much as the vocal mics always do.
I've used a lot of cables and I always come back to HOSA, they are indeed some of the best audio cables in their price range on the market.
I bought this cord after returning a cheap one that I should've known better than to buy. My son, who has some experience as a musician recommended the Hosa brand when I was seeking a proper replacement.I bought it for a small home recording setup which includes a Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Behringer Xenyx 302 Mixer, and both ends make a reliable connection to both the board and the mic; the sound quality is excellent.An excellent value for the money.
Nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends.  Should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what I needed to connect my tube preamp.
Zero issues with this cable so far.  It feels fairly cheap and light weight but it has survived for months of plugging in, unplugging, and packing between practice spaces.I'll update this review if/when it breaks.
This is a very nice cable for the price. I already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. Inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. Haven't noticed any hum or crackles. For sure a good buy.
Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff.  Only time will tell how well the soldering is.  Sounds fine to me.
I'm not a professional, but have been playing for many, many years.  This is the best cord I've ever had, though I'm sure Eric Clapton has something better.
This Hosa Cable is very well made, with good quality connectors and a nice long length. My son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. This 25' cable gives him flexibility to move around and it is sturdy enough that it can take being stepped on and pulled around.The cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable.Highly Recommended!CFH
I didn't expect this cable to be so thin. It's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable I've used. Not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. If I had the foresight I'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable.  Still, it works and was inexpensive.EDIT: 6 months later and it's dead already.  Wire frayed at the right angle jack.  You get what you pay for.
It hums, crackles, and I think I'm having problems with my equipment.  As soon as I use any of my other cords then the problem is gone.  Hosa makes some other products that have good value.  But based on my experience I don't recommend this one.
I have found Hosa cables to be an excellent value. More expensive cables may be more rugged, but for the price, I'm very happy with the Hosa's I have purchased.
This is good cable. Excellent 1/4&#34; plugs. The lugs and solder joints are covered with heat shrink material, which will hold everything in place for years. Grade A+ cable at a very affordable price. Definitely  going back for more. The 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft.
I use this cord in my church to run from my pedalboard to my amp (which is in a soundproof box). The cord is reliable and clean sounding. I like it and have used HOSA products in the past with confidence. Excellent cord. Hopefully this review will be usefull to you.
This my second Hosa guitar cable.  (The other one is shorter.)  Like my first Hosa cable, this is a high quality item.  I'd definitely buy more cables of this brand.
Works for practice ... it's a guitar instrument cable, what can I say ... maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose.
These cables have taken a beating the last few months, and have served me well with no problems..Real metal ends, not molded on, with high quality silicone jackets and strain reliefs at the connectors..
Hosa guitar cables work great. Never had any problems with them. I own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.
Good quality guitar cord.Very low noise, repairable, effective strain releaf,thick rubber cover!! This is a great buy, under 10 bucks for a quality cord.Of course I just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable.If I change my mind about anything I will update my review.For now, I would say, buy one!!Joe
This is a good solid cable with no problems. When I'm on stage, I like a longer cable but at practice I don't need all the extra length tangleing up on everything...
This item is well built and I like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. These aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well.
This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price
Hosa Cable GTR210 Guitar Instrument Cable - 10ft. is a High quality Instrument Cable, but low cost, won't break the bank. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
...unbalanced guitar cable is notoriously noisy especially around florescent lights. These are no different. I would prefer to use cables with better shielding but cannot justify the expense considering how rarely these things get used.
Hosa cable quality can be all over the place, some of their products are good (sound good, reliable, long lasting) and some of their products are not good (affect sound negatively, break prematurely, short useful life span).These guitar cords are actually quite nice, they feel good (gooey soft rubber jacket like Mogami), they sound good and so far they are working reliably, the rubber jacket is about .25&#34; in diameter (by eye) and there is a short heat shrink overwrap to add strength where the wire enters the plug.I bought these when I needed cables fast for an internet concert, we had lots of pedals and signal splits to connect up. These cables arrived in good working condition and we've been using them continuously since.We have over a dozen tube amps and are very particular about sound degradation but so far these cables have not disappointed anyone.I would buy more if I needed them.
It's a cable, no frills, tangles pretty easy and due to it's design it might rattle a little when you move around but it works like it should
One end was loose, so I tightened it, it keeps coming loose so I had to put a dab of crazy glue on the threads, hope I don't ever have to open the end for repair.
For the price, fantastic.They do feel light and I don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again I am not going to push it.Set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.But for seven bucks it gets the job done. Recommended if you are doing the "beginner" thing and testing the waters.Otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.
Hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. I've trusted them for years, I can't think if a single Hosa cable I've owned that's failed.
Hard to day too much, but it works great. No issues to speak of. It does the job perfectly well
This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft
I was looking for a long cable to perform live with my band and i'm glad with HOSA quality. It feels reliable and without adding noise.
very sturdy, high quality with little to no feedback, i use it for performing for my friends and they all love it
I have many lengths of these Hosa cables and have neverhad a problem with them.I am not an active musician, so have not put any of them throughthe riggers of what happens on stage; so I cannot comment on thistype of usage.In my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) I have come to realize, thatyou should ALWAYS have extra cables (just like strings) with you, aseven the most expensive cables will sometimes let you down.
I've been using these for about 3 weeks now - they are strong but flexible and don't seem to develop kinks or bending "habits" if you roll them up the proper way.I've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point.  And I've certainly seen quite a few worse!  This is a pretty good sweet spot, in my opinion.
I'm a pro-cheapo and I hated this thing. They're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. Drop few more bucks and get something else!
Works great on my 100 watt Amp. Almost compares to a monster cable. And with Its length Its plenty of Room from your Guitar to amp. GOOD PRODUCT!
Good cable, as good as any expensive brand. Thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. No complaints at all.
It is a decent cable. It does its job, but it leaves much to be desired as far as structural integrity is concerned. The mating part of the connector jiggles back and forth. The switch is also loose. The connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed.'I would not recommend using this cable for critical applications. It would be more suited to home or hobby use.
Bought this to hook up a Beta 58 to a Panasonic G2 DSLR and a Kodak Zi8 for interviews. Works the way it's supposed to. 90 degree TRS is a nice touch. Good price.
I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. I needed a 12&#34; wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the Mini Advanced Shoe) to the microphone plug on the Video Camera...The wire on this thing is *not* 1 foot long. the actual wire is under 8&#34; long itself. I would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle... I'd have rated it 1 star, but I tried it on my Nikon D3200 (Shoe mounted Shotgun Mike) and it worked out ok. Still a tight fit though (since there's only 8&#34; of wire)...I'd recommend anyone looking for a short cable go with a 2' adapter; worst case scenario, you can zip-tie a loop instead of getting angry that it doesn't fit.Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the DSLR or not (or my shotgun mic).
Well made, XLR 3 pin adaptor to mini.  Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job.
The listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo XLR is.  Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires.  This cable is configured to be a stereo unbalanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced TRS cable.  This item is not a mono balanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced mic cable.A little bit a soldering can fix this connector by moving the red wire from ping #3 to pin #2 with the white wire.  Pin #3 then ties to pin #1 with the ground wire.
I use this cable to run a extra line from microphone podiums to a zoom H1. This adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. I own several of these and love them.I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. Also check out Hosa's sinlge XLR to double XLR splitter.
This adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small DV cameras will function but with caveats.First, it's construction is pretty light weight. That means you will have to be "gentle" with it when using it. That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up.Second, the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. That means you would need another short XLR mic cable to extend from the mic to this adapter.So just be aware that this may work fine for some and not work at all for others. I went to Sam Ash music and found a similar adapter cable, heavy duty, and with a longer cable for the same price. It pays to shop around!
Haven't used it yet but if it's like the other cables I have from the same company, it should work fine.
Another quality product from Hosa.  Just what I needed for an insert patch from my mixer to EQ.  I always like slightly longer length as I can always zip tie back but hard to stretch!  No noise from this cable!
When I ordered these I wasn't expecting a whole lot since the price was under two dollars for a nearly 10-foot cable.  It turns out the quality is quite excellent and these cables are not flimsy at all.  I plugged them into the mixer and waited to hear some static, interference or buzz to explain the low price and all I got was a nice, clean signal.  Highly recommend these to anyone with a mixer that needs an insert cable.
These are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. Especially considering the price, these are brilliant. I was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but I trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that Hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge Monster Prices.
I still operate in an analog environment quite often, so I end up using lots of inserts. I have 8 channels of compression, limiter, gate and expander, plus various EQs and effects processors that need to be routed and applied to specific channels. I have an insert snake that I use as well, but the individual insert cables (of differing lengths) that I carry are lifesavers that make me a more efficient soundman during setup and a more flexible soundman during the show!
I use these in my home studio as INSERTS and they work great. No complaints.On a side note, I always clean all my cables with CAIG DeoxIT Gold G5 Spray Contact Conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. I also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments.
I bought a few of these to hook iPods/iPhones to live stage sound systems, most of which are not in stereo anyway, so why use stereo-to-mono adapters or 2 separate channels when it's not needed? Perfect solution, seems durable.
I carry this in my bass gig bag so I can plug my phone into the mono aux-input on the back of my Genz Benz bass head. Handy for rehearsals when the band needs to listen to a track while working out an arrangement (my bass cab is full range fEARful 15/6/1). Before picking this up, I used a couple of cables / adapters to go from stereo 1/8&#34;  to mono 1/4&#34; and it often seemed I never had quite what I needed on hand.
It's hard not to love a cord that carries electrons all the way to the end. Not sure what, other than complete failure would take stars away.
Cables are cables. They usually all work. And with Amazon, you will always find the best deals for the same quality.
This L Jack is good enough to make connections between my guitar pedals and it works fine. Flexible enough. I don't like only the fact that it's made out of plastic and it looks cheap, but for the price i paid for it i don't really care.
These little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..I'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. The product description says 6 inches, right? If you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PGXKC8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) The Hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. I only used the Hosa cable as an emergency back up.To conclude, would I recommend these? Yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. But my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else.
If you need some 6" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. These cables are perfect. They deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. What more could you ask for?!
Bought this Hosa Pedal Cable for our son to interconnect his guitar pedal. It works well and seems to be durable. It hasn't given him any problems so far. It doesn't appear to change the sound quality or tone. Great product.
Good little connector cable.  Well constructed, durable, built to last.  I would recommend this cable to connect stomp boxes. Worth it.
Works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems
exactly what I needed to connect 2 distortion paddles to my amp...do yourself a favor, always order threw Amazon dealers! I placed an order threw onlinecarstereo.com and had to report a scam operation to my credit card co....their customer reviews were terrible, yet I made the mistake of placing n order...right before my eyes they changed their BAD reviews to add good ones....
These are great patch cables especially for the price. They don't suck any tone they are reliable(I've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.
This is a very good cable. I don't forsee having any problems with it. It's just right for hooking my pedals together eithout the mesws of long cables. If you need this get it. The price is right and shipping was right on time.
This is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget.  It works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected.
I typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. Never an issue. No loss of tone. Never breaks or fails. Quality product for a good price.
Hosa patch cables are the best for the buck. Great sound and flexible. I'm a firm Hosa cable fan. Love these little guys.
These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.
I bought 6 of these XLR to 1/4&#34; adapters hoping to connect my microphones to an old funky mixer I owned with 1/4&#34; inputs.  It didn't end up working because I discovered I needed to convert the microphone level to line level (which these don't do), however they do convert XLR to 1/4&#34; balanced quite well.  Just not what I needed in my particular situation.
I use this adapter on the interface/mix board end of 1 channel of my XLR cable snake, to change 1 channel into my monitor return. I plug an XLR to Female 1/4" stereo adapter to the other end to create a headphone jack at the musician end of my setup. Now I can record with 6 channels, and monitor with 2. (It's an 8 channel XLR snake). Why do I go through all that you ask? because I have an 8 channel XLR snake, and instead of buying another snake, why not ADAPT the snake I have? hence the word adapter... :-P I love it. It's a great tool to add versatility to your setup, no matter what you're doing. Definately recommend this product to anyone that would happen to need to change an XLR to balanced 1/4" stereo... It's high quality, and very solid, I definately expect this to last me a long time.
As the title says, it works.  The only reason I took off a star is sometimes it gets a little stuck and I have to use some force to get it off the XLR.  But, no issues besides that.
Its affordable and it works.  Its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input.
For the price, can't beat it.  Works as well as any $15 - $20 one I would have bought at local guitar stores.
Just a basic female XLR to 1/4 inch male adapter. I use these so I can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one PA.
As expected from Hosa another great product.  Solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone.
If I didn't think that purchasing these items from Amazon I wouldn't do it, plus and more important I have worked as a Purchasing Coordinator for over 25 years now I know how to save money and if purchasing that are great and believe me or not I can find even cables that I can't find in RadioShack, Best Buys no where else, I have done a lot of Purchasing not just for myself, but for business. These Ladies and Gentlemen know what they are doing and they know how to take care of business in the right way, I would like to apply for a position with them.Regards,ffsalsa
This Dual splitter works perfect. I own a live event video company and I shoot a lot of weddings. The most important part of video is the audio. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. I always say, half of video is audio. For years I used to run a line directly out of the DJ's mixer to get my audio. The issue with doing it that way is during introdustions you will get the music the dj is playing and the words they are speaking. Often though, the signal is to hot, the music is crap, or the dj says something stupid. With just the DJ's voice I can edit the way I want and compress time. This product has improved my productions beyond it's price sold. I use them to run a separate clean audio line from a DJ's wireless systems to my own audio recorder. They work perfectly and haven't failed me once.
This was recommended to me by the top engineer at Genz-Benz bass amplification company.  Andy said that this product is far superior to any other.  He was right.  Fixed the scratchy potentiometer on my Shuttle 6.0 amp.  Also fixed the effects loop jacks, which had become oxidized and were causing my amp to intermittently lose 90% of its power on gigs.  Not good!  After several gigs worth of testing, both problems are resolved!  Andy said that this product actually works better over time once it has been applied since it has a lubricating, cleaning and coating effect on the components.  Wow!  And no, Andy does not own stock in, have affiliation with, or represent in any way the manufacturers of De-Oxit.  Nor do I.
This thing is like a magic Spray! Hah!Seriously... I used this on noisy hinges, car doors, etc.I really bought it to clean the POTs (volume controls and knobs) on my Guitars, pedals and equipment. It really does work and gets rid of the static noise you get when you turn your volume control on your radio or guitar for example.
I bought this product to use on my amp pots. It restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps.It doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!
Back in the 1980's I bought a can of deoxit(not the right name but can't remember it) which worked much better and cost much less. It was made for the military. The spray has 3 levels but the low is still way to high. It does work but the stuff I used to have was much better. I don't see much else out there so I may have to stick with it.It is just very wasteful for the cost. I have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. I would call it average.
Before you pay some tech to fix the knobs and switches on your guitar, stomp box or amp, try this.  95% of the time, this will take care of the problem.  If your amp cuts in and out, also try spraying the effects loop and pushing a 1/4&#34; jack in and out of the socket a dozen times.  The very first can I bought probably paid for itself a hundred times over.  Good stuff !
I deal with quite a bit of electronic musical instrument gear from guitars, basses, amps, FX, MIDI gear, etc.  Over time most of it starts suffering from scratchy / noisy pots (knobs), input and output jacks that are crackly, etc.In the past I've tried some Locktite electronics cleaner, which is provided in a similar can. It would rarely work.In contrast this has cleaned every piece of gear I've used it on saving me from having to physically replace the pots and jacks. It's really like magic in a can.
This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff.
Fantastic stuff....I sprayed it in my bass guitar's pot and now its like new. Wish I had found this stuff sooner.
The pots on my bass has become &#34;scratchy&#34; so I sprayed a bit into them, turn the pots back and forth a few times and no more noise. Great for what I needed.
For the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. Good to keep as a spare in the gig box.
i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,
The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord... I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics...
As a freelancer, I occasionally work with a band that plays the Midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis.  These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet.  It's all about money to them.  I couldn't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57's and 58's.  I still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much).  But these Nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.I'm a keyboardist, so mic power and fidelity don't affect me.  I'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important "gear component."  At the same time, my embarrassment, I confess, is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee.  After all, who's playing--and getting paid for it?
We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long.  I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price.  We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also.  I would have given it 5 stars if the cord connection to the mic was not a little loose.
If they're used for live performances they will not last very long! Good for the price. I need to resolder the ends after a concert though.
I bought this cable in order to be able to run longer cable runs on stage. It works for that. It's a narrower gauge of wire than some of my other cables, and that makes me a little cagy about its durability. I tend to use it for cable runs where I don't expect a lot of movement (e.g., running a cable to a mic stand) and save my better cables for the belt pack mics.The jacket on the cable has a very pronounced butyl rubber smell, and it really activated my allergies at first. I stored the mic cables in an open cardboard box for a few months before using them, and that seemed to help a lot with the rubber smell. Not everyone has allergies, so this might not be an issue for all folks--but I couldn't use these cables for anything near my face for the first few months.They're cheap and they work fine. I haven't noticed any sound issues at all.
The Gain on this mic isn't the greatest, but for speeches and soft recordings: this guy can handle it all very well!
I have a few Shure SM58s which cost more.  I like the open sound of the PG48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the SM58s.  I like this mic ok but the SM58 is worth the extra money I think, especially if you expect to push its capability.
So far, I'm very happy with this Microphone. Tone quality is fine and does everything I need it to do for backup vocals in my band. Although a longer cable would be nice, it's great a cable and was included in the package.
It is so hard to get an honest review of any mike that isn't a Shure SM58. This is considered the gold standard by which all others are measured. Of course at least part of this reputation is deserved, but perhaps more for the durability of the SM58 than its sound. I have a couple of SM58s and a couple of PG58s. I was considering the SM48, but the PG58 has slightly better specs, and almost identical price.The first thing I noticed out of the box was that the PG58 is slightly bigger and slightly heavier. It also has a different switch than the SM58. The metal screens protecting them aren't interchangeable. I then plugged in one microphone cable so the settings would be identical. I tried both mikes, one after the other, first with speaking and then with singing and playing guitar, and then I changed the settings, or more specifically, the effects and the EQ on the PA. I repeated the experiment, speaking and then singing while changing between mikes.Here's what I noticed: The SM58 is slightly flatter in the mid range. The PG58 is slightly brighter and has a touch more presence. They are about equal on volume. The slight differences in tone can be easily manipulated with an EQ or just ordinary tone controls. Neither was susceptible to much feedback or vocal pop.I haven't tried out this side by side comparison in a live situation or even in practice, as it's too time consuming and interferes with playing. It's difficulty to judge in those situations too, or at least awkward, but I have used a combination of the two in practice and no one seems to be able to tell the difference, except one person actually expressed a preference for the PG58, but that could be just the settings.I looked at the specs for the two mikes side by side. The SM58 is a little flatter in response, especially at the high end, over 10K Hz, and it picks up a few dB before the PG 58, somewhere between 50 and 60 Hz. However, since the human vocal range is generally between around 300 and 3000 Hz, neither of these seems likely to have much effect, although the SM58 might be a tad more responsive for a bass singer.I also tried out two different Behringer mikes and a Radio Shack mike. The Behringer 8500 was totally outclassed by both of the Shures, sounding tinny and thin and with little presence or volume. I tried out a Behringer 2000XM and was impressed by the similarity. These mikes sound almost identical (The B 2000 and the Shure SM). The Behringer 2000XM seems to have been discontinued, though, and replaced with the 1800XM, an inferior mike offered in bundles of three for under $50.I then plugged in a Radio Shack mike that was a spare backup, not even taken out for practice. The model number is 33-3001, probably also discontinued. This was an excellent sounding mike, with good volume, presence and tone.I didn't have any other mikes to test in this side by side experiment, but I did reach some conclusions:There is quite a bit of snobbery in choosing microphones, with the Shure SM58 held up as some unreachable standard. They ARE sturdy, and they are good mikes and the price is not unreasonable, at around $100. However, there are other microphones which sound nearly identical and are also sturdy and reliable, at lower prices, including the Shure PG58, and most likely the SM48, though I didn't have any of those to test.I wish more people would give unbiased reviews based on actual performance instead of condescension toward those who are either on a budget or looking for alternatives to the standard bearer. I'm giving this 4 stars only because I haven't had enough time to give an evaluation of how this holds up in comparison to the SM58.
Just got this, have used it for recording and rehearsal, it works well so far and I will revise the review if that somehow changes in the next few years.  Right now, though, I'd say great product.
I bought this one to replace a Shure 8900. It's a big step up from that one. I am pleased with it. The old one had a lot of handling noise. This one has a little but it is very good for the money I paid for it. My next one will be an SM58, but that will be awhile from now. I'm very happy with this PG58.Update:December 2012The handling noise is definitely something to consider. It would keep me from buying another one of these. Other mics I own don't have this problem to this degree.
This is a proven classic.  Using it to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet.  Sounds fantastic and is solidly built.
This is the #1 mic you should get, recording or live, instruments or voice, it always come through  with a great sound and seems almost indestructible.looking forward to work with it on future projects, can't believe it took me so long to get one of those
Good all around mike. If you are looking for a solid mike to start your studio, I recommend this one. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. Best mike for the price and purpose.
Seriously?  The Shure SM57 sets the standard, which by all other instrument microphones are judged.No kidding.  They work great with guitar (for a REAL acoustic guitar sound, drums, congas, tablas... You name it..  if it's an instrument the SM57 delivers.I hear it's good for vocals as well.  When the President gives a speech, the SM57 is there.In my experience a vocalist better have above average pipes to use the SM57.  The SM58 is better suited to those who lack vocal projection (most wannabe's).For instrument sound reinforcement...  bar-none... the best.
If it's good enough to track Tom Petty's vox on the heartbreakers albums, its good enough for the rest of us. Sounds great on amps and perc. Dropped one from a 12 story building a few years back into a parking lot and it barley dented the housing and still works 100%. My drummer still uses it on his kit and I never told him haha (hope he doesn't read this review!) It's a shame the new mics coming out (wireless stuff they make: IE Presentor, PG seies, digital series etc) are such flimsy pieces of garbage. This is the last of the cool from Shure.
I use this to mic snare drums and sometimes guitar cabinets. It works as well as most mics and is more durable than most. I have used this in the studio when nothing else was available and it worked fine. As long as I run sound for a living I will keep some of these mics.
Considering that the SM57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone, I guess the 58 gets Batman status, relegating the 57 to that of Robin. But that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.The SM (Studio Microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. In that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the SM58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. So the SM57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.One of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the White House. A pair of SM57's is always seen on various White House podiums for press conferences and there is even a VIP bundled kitShure SM57 VIP Dual Microphone Kityou can buy for this exact type of use.The SM57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. That's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. And on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.There is a Performer SeriesShure Beta 57A Microphonethat looks very similar to the SM57 but the Beta 57 has a different mic capsule and transformer and sounds different. So make sure you try before you buy.Bottom line is the Shure SM57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. A best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians.
I use this for recording guitars as well as live vocals.  I've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged.  I couldn't be happier with it.
The industry standard for live performance, the SM58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason. These are the only microphones that I perform with, and the on/off switch makes it easier so I don't have to power down all of my gear when I am done practicing...I just turn the mic off.
The first rule of microphones is that, "No one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  Rule two is, "Experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  I've used Shure SM58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  I primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but I have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.The SM58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use.  Some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the Shure SM-57.  The SM-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice.  For example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the SM-58.  People with softer or weaker voices will want the SM-58.The SM-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  This mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  The reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type Shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  On the other hand, the SM-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  While the SM-58 is certainly the number one professional PA vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  The live vocal mic that works best for me is the Shure SM-57 with a windscreen.  However for other people the SM-58 works better.  It depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  If you have a very deep voice, the SM-58 might be the second best choice after the SM-57 which has a better low frequency response.One certain advantage of the SM-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  This mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying PA squeal.  Another advantage of the SM-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  The SM-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  I've seen SM-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet I've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.All the pro-line Shure mics are top quality.  The pro line Shures also hold their value well.  If you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on eBay.  I would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  Senneheiser's EVOLUTION mics sound really good too and are worth a look. The SM-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.
legendary performance indeed! works perfectly, extremely easy to set up, very good sound, good price, that's 'bout all you need to know!
Great all around mic used for vocals.  No frills, tough as nails, and great sound for live music.  If you're buying your first mic (or switching from a cheapie) and intend to use it for singing/vocals, this is a mic that any musician would probably recommend without hesitation.  I've never used another one since the first time I switched from a cheaper mic (that came with some bundle) 10 years ago.  I depend on the smoothness of my vocals to carry off songs and this mic reproduces the warm sounds I like perfectly.  You can stand 3 feet away and really wail, or get up close for some bass response, or anything in between.The SM58-CN comes with the mic, 25-ft cable, cable tie, carry pouch, and mic clip.  The standard SM58 does not have a switch (one less thing to break and I don't miss it)  but the SM58-S does have it for a few dollars extra.
no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. use it all the time.
This mic works better for some people than others. That being said it is the first mic I put in a lead singers hand upon meeting them. If it doesn't sound good then I try something else. I have no complaints it is my GO TO MIC.
I bought two microphones, a AKG D5 and SM58.  I like AKG D5 a little better than this because the vocal sounded a lot clearer and crisp on the AKG.The SM sounded muted compared to D5 without any sound modification out of box.  The output is also a little less sensitive than the D5.However I like the look of SM58 and it seems to be extremely durable.
In the immortal words that John Cameron Swayze used when hawking his Timex watches during the early days of live television, the Shure SM58 Vocal mic fits perfectly into that same category.Before I found a career as a film and television sound recordist and mixer, I played in rock bands and did live sound mixing. One of the very first mics we truly fell in love with was the SM58. Introduced by the Shure Brothers Company in 1966, the SM58 quickly rose to become the industry standard in rugged road mics that actually sound good to the ear and are nearly indestructible.The mic capsule is of cardiord (heart shaped) design which helps reject sound from either side. There is a 4K bump in it's frequency which helps vocals cut through stage noise. Construction is rugged, frequency response is 50 to 15,000 Hz, and the capsule sits internally on a foam shock mount to help isolate it from handling noise.We used to joke about the SM58 in that if you needed a hammer and you couldn't find one, just grab one of these, they are that tough. I've seen some of these on the road that you couldn't believe still worked, but they did and sounded great.The cage style pop screen gives the SM58 not only it's distinctive look, one that influenced many other mic brands from the day it was introduced, but it's part of the functionality. Internally lined with a layer of acoustic foam, the cage helps keep vocals pops from getting to the dynamic mic element. As a frame of reference, theShure SM57LC Shure SM57 Cardioid Dynamic Microphoneis the same exact mic and capsule, but without the pop screen.Shure also sells a Performer series mic, theShure Beta 58A Supercardioid Dynamic Microphonethat looks almost identical to the SM58 but uses a totally different mic capsule and transformer and has a different sound so try before you buy.The Shure SM58 is still considered the industry standard of live performance mics today and for the price, they really are a good deal.
I made the mistake of thinking I could save forty bucks and get by with the Shure PG-58.  I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P.A.). Whatever the reason, the PG-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the Roland Cube / Peavey amps I try to employ it with (I use a 1/4" adapter with the XLR connector that comes with the mic).  When I borrow a Shure SM-58 mic from someone, the difference is instant and dramatic--it's a far more efficient (i.e. louder) mic, producing a full, clear sound, and without additional pre-amplification, demonstrating why it's the most popular microphone in the world.  For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch.  It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members.  And even if you're an instrumentalist, it may be wiser to select the SM-58 over the SM-57.  The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. Above all, the SM-58 has proven itself to be the Sherman tank of microphones, simply unparalleled for ruggedness and durability.[I see a review cautioning the consumer to be wary of "this seller."  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns.  But anyone who returns an SM58 probably had no business buying it in the first place.  They are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility.  In fact, it's the very popularity of the SM58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators.  Consumers require choice, but with the Shure SM58 there need be none.]
There are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there.  Its all just so much marketing garbage. These mics are the best mic for the buck out there.  Anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a**.
The mic is well made (heavy on the &#34;mic&#34; end), but I have yet to try it with my pop filter and multi-track studio.
This is a well made, low noise and low cost cable. Unless you make a lot of money with your recordings, this will do just fine!
Didn't know what to expect for under $10, but it proved to be worth the gamble.This cable appears to be well constructed and it works fine for me(amateur use, infrequent setup/teardowns).It's a decent 15 feet long, and has a locking button on the female end.I'm quite happy with it.
Pay a couple bucks more and you get one from a brand like Audio Technica and you know it's going to withstand the test of time.  Mine is working fairly well but the attachments are loosening so who knows what's next.
Everyone develops personal preferences over time for one reason or another.  I have a personal preference for the XLR ends with the really fine threaded plastic cap on the outside (first to slide down the cable) with a 4 legged gripper underneath that slides next down the cable and pinches down as you tighten the plastic outer cap into the metal housing with the solder contacts causing the gripper to strain relief most cable diameters.  Unfortunately that design isn't used here, but I chose to award the 5 star rating for value because you get 15' of good quality shielded cable with 2 XLR ends (M and F) for well under $1/ft.As for pinout it's straightforward, pin 1 is tied to the metal grip and shield and connects between both ends, while pins 2 and 3 are run isolated between both ends.  The end design chosen uses the single set screw connector (the tiny one that gets lost so easy if you need to take it apart) and the rubber bumper design on the back which I haven't had the best of luck making quick changes in the field with, however for interconnecting equipment on a temporary basis these cables are an important starting point of any audio engineer's kit because they will be used not if but WHEN the need arises.Another favorite of mine is the 6 pack of 3 foot male to female cables which do use my favorite XLR ends mentioned above, which amazon will rush you:GLS Audio 3ft Patch Cable Cords - XLR Male To XLR Female Black Cables - 3' Balanced Snake Cord - 6 PACK- these are very easy to open an end, change phase, lift ground, or input someone's oddball source signal.  Having 6 on hand means you won't quibble over cable costs before the show starts and that channel will be in the final mix.Back to pyle's product here, I basically took away 1 star for not using the easy to open and re-wire XLRs but gave them a star for value in the product since it's 15 feet long and will reach between my mixer and most anything else inside the booth for under a buck a foot.  It's also great when someone yells "it's too short I need a cable stretcher at the podium!" and quickly adds 15 feet of noise free movement to a stage snake that either wasn't planned for or got moved/quit working.  For the price they have saved many installations from being torn up or rewired which means no surprises opening the next showing.I finally equipped my cable kit with the usual XLR to  RCA, 1/4 TRS, hi-z transformers, and the above mentioned 6 pack of 3 foot cables to quickly gain access to the XLR terminals if need be, plus 2 of these 15 foot cables mainly to solve distance problems, and a roll of gaffer's tape for good measure to prevent tripping hazards.  I used to have 2ea 50 foot XLR cables but no sooner than the box was opened one became a permanent addition to the stage snake so now I have one left for my kit. With all that I had to build an emergency XLR to 2.5mm TS all metal shielded connector for a mike input on short notice so a soldering kit with misc plugs got added to my cable bin.  Even though all this was under $100 it has saved the day more than once and made the show go on, so a bit of "what if" thinking and judicial purchases can make you look like the miracle mixer in the black painted room and justify your existance when the owner's daugher's toy musicbox becomes a channel in the house mix thanks to some quick cable magic.My last cable advice is never deconstruct something you custom made.  It will no doubt be needed again, and since you made it you'll know why, how, and where it was used before, thus you save time not recreating a past fix rather pulling it from your magic box of tricks and solving the problem.  People think you can hook anything up where others tried and failed furthering your staff position.  My only exception goes to cables that violate every standard and didn't serve to fix the problem like that phase reversed ground lifted XLR 4 pin stereo Y splitter to dual TRS female cable I made for the harmonica duet where the performers had nose rings and lip bars pierced and kept getting static with their mics when they held the harmonica up to their jewelry.  I chalked that up to being part of the intended musical signal, wondering just how much it hurt to play with all the piercings scraping along the harmonica when I setup my monitor speakers to listen to just that (stereo) channel in rehersal at the console.
This is a great chord for anyone needing to not spend the money on a high quality chord... It's no PEAVEY but it works just as good...
The product feels a little on the "cheap" side, but definitely does the job the way it should- so that's all I care about. It was cheap, and came fast. I recommend it.
I bought a pair of these cables and they work just fine.  There doesn't seem to be any noise and they seem to be built to last.  They do what they're supposed to do.
This was one of two I purchased. Also bought the 25' Length and used them on an assignment recently.  They fit my RODE Mic nice and tight, other cords I have bought didn't and the sound quality is excellent. If Amazon allowed a link I would give you a link to a video I just finished on the Independence of the Seas.  Go to my website and look for it...IPA IMPRESS dot Com
Not much to say other than it's a good cable. Good solid connections with no play. After consistent use, it's going strong.
No complaints, it's quiet enough and the price is right. Is it a Monster cable? No, but it doesn't cost as much either. I've used this on lead vocal tracks into a studio condensor mic for professional album sessions and it was fine.
I purchased this to connect a Sennheiser E825 mike with guitar amps. This requires, of course, the addition of a 1/4 inch adapter plug. The cable itself has worked perfectly and proved both durable and of a suitable length at least for jamming with friends and playing in small venues. Recommended.UPDATE: I marked this product down one star after a connector fell apart during what I regarded as relatively light duty. The set screw fell out and could not be found. I've had similar problems with other Pyle products. If you buy them, I recommend tat you get a micro-screwdriver set as well so that you can tighten te connector screws before you have a similar xperience.
The extra length gives me more flexibility and maneuverability.  Cord works well and hasn't been any problem, to date.  Plugs directly to the system, or my mini-amp.  Works well.
Good quality rack screws that come with rubber washers to protect face of equipment.  Arrived ahead of estimated arrival time which is always nice.
Excellent rack screws with washers. Its fit very good to rack holes. Good presentation and well packed. I will buy again.
Pros:* They look very nice.* They cause much less wear than the 2nd hand rack screws and washers.Cons:* More expensive and I had to wait a few days longer than it took my rack equipment to ship.I'd purchase these again, but I now have 25 but only need 16 at the most once my rack is filled.
I replaced all the stock mounting screws that came with our sound rack cabinet with these, as they were nearly invisible with the black rails and mounting plates. The plastic washers also seem to protect the finishes better than metal washers on the equipment I mounted. Inexpensive, and worth it.
I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. The SM58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the Beta 58A is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. The SM58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the Beta58A is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. If you're used to the SM58, then the Beta58A can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.Pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - I play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a SM57 or a SM58.
While the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone seems to be the running staple for live performance vocals, and rightly so due to its comparative value and amazing quality in sound and craftsmanship, the Beta 58A needs to be given its due. The Beta 58A is an amazing dynamic microphone that might alleviate some of the stress associated with its more cost efficient cousin. That is, the Beta 58A, in the confined live scenarios in which I have utilized it, has demonstrated a much broader sweet spot and completely eliminated some severe feedback issues. For vocalists that like to pull back from the mic a touch to really belt those sustained high (or, really, any) notes the Beta is a dream. This same effect helps if one is experiencing sibilance or "popping" complications and needs to sing past the microphone as opposed to directly into it.While I wish that I had a better understanding from a sound engineering standpoint so that the technical specifics could be expounded upon, I can confidently say that the Beta 58A is the best vocals microphone that I have ever utilized aside from higher end condenser mics in an isolated environment. Quite honestly, I would not be at all surprised if the Beta compared well even in confined recording situations. The bottom line is that the Beta 58A might be more expensive than its popular cousin, the SM58, but it is worth every penny. Anyone who has the opportunity should give it a chance to demonstrate its superiority. Six out of five stars!
Hey, it gets the job done and that's all I can ask for.  I tried several "cheapo" pedals, and this one was my favorite of them all.  While some had better casings (metal instead of plastic), at the end of the day I'm looking for a good sound, not a pretty pedal board.  The pedal seems solid enough, it doesn't take up much space, it sounds great, and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.AND, if you are like the typical musician, you are looking for something that's not going to break the bank.
When I first started setting up my little studio, I wanted something that didn't break the budget.  I tried a couple different combo pedal boards, (Digitech 500, Boss ME-70), but quickly realized I wasn't getting my sound and the money was quickly drying up.  With not much left, I tried a Tuna Melt as an example of Danelectro.  Who would think?  This thing is stunning in its ability to manufacture vintage tremolo sounds, as are most of this line of pedals.  I now own about 12-14 of these of all types, and have never been dissapointed save it's very hard to chain them without a lot of noise.Then I got into guitar building, and they all got put away.  Lately, I have been trying to make time to improve my playing skills, and joy of joys! I am rediscovering all these pedals and I absolutely love them.Forget the FAB series, they are not so hot.  Buy the old style as the Tuna Melt, or the big metal ones like the Dan Echo.  You will NOT be sorry!
It is exactly what you need in a capo! You can cover all six strings, move one string over to get a drop d tuning or turn the capo upside down to get a partial capo (though a bit of adjusting may be needed to get the strings held down.).All in all, a great capo that is well made and will last forever.Kyser is an awesome small Christian company and I really like their products and supporting them with my purchases. :]
My son needed a Capo, expensive at music  shop where he takes lessons.  At Amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price.
The title says it all.  I got it for $16 (free shipping with Amazon Prime), which is cheaper than my local music store.  I keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove.  With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used.  It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  And best of all... it works!
Quick to clip on and off. Really... Is there anything else to say? What else do you want it to do?These suckers are wonderfully reliable.I've had one for about 10 years. The only thing that went wrong with it was the removable rubber on the "bottom" of the capo became damaged because of my own neglect. However, for a $1, keyser sent me a bag of a about 6 of them. Can you go wrong? NO!Great product!
Basically because they are the easiest to squeeze in my opinion.  I have big hands which may be part of it.
high quality hassle free design.  Very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force,  but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing.  Very happy with this purchase.
I've seen and used many different types of capos over the years and they range from the very cumbersome and difficult to use to the easily breakable but I've never used one as convenient and as well constructed as this Kyser one.  It is by far the best I've ever seen and I've been using it for years now and it still works fine.  It makes moving the capo quickly a cinch and the gold doesn't corrode or tarnish making it look like new even after all these years.Very highly recommended!
Durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.
I currenty use two types of capos - the Kyser one and Shubb capos.  Both are the most popular capos around but have different strengths and weaknesses.The benefits of the Kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo I've come across, doesn't require tension adjustment, and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use.  The primary benefit of the Shubb is that it has adjustable tension (and second, it's smaller).The main drawback of the Kyser is the lack of adjustable tension.  Because it's designed to work across the fretboard, it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets, causing frets to wear faster over time.  Because of this I prefer to use the Kyser on my less expensive guitar and the Shubbs on the guitar I baby.
I've played guitar for 5 years. Seen many different capos, but none that quite satisfies me as the Kyser.You really can't go wrong with this capo. It is very mobile, easily adjustable, sturdy, and durable.What's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 String capo and still turn it around to use it asa Cut capo. The transparent rubber piece does the same job.It comes in different colors also.I own the black, silver, gold, and camo Kyser capos.I also own the Cut Capo for other styles.I recommend it!All the capos I've had from Kyser are still in great conditions.Use them all the time at church and at home
The handle and spring strength make this uncomfortable to place on the guitar, and I feel rushed to clamp on the capo because it's unpleasant to use - hurts the fingers. It's cheap and easy to use. It'll do the job, but I don't like it.
What's to say?  It's not a high end capo and for the price I can lose it ( like most of the other capos I have owned).  It's not a high quality capo and it does take a few adjustments to get it seated properly.
This style of capo CAN throw your guitar out of tune if you don't put it on right. When used correctly though, it does it's job just fine.
I can only repeat what everyone else has already said: this Kyser capo is designed and built very well. It's easy to put on and adjust, and just as easy to take off. There are probably a few capos out there that are a bit flashier, but this is still pretty stylish. And the price makes it a real bargain.
I don't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo, but this one is quite good.  For those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use.  It does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built.  It is as with all capos,  important to take it off when not in use so the "rubber" does not get grooved.  This is just good common sense.  If this lasts a couple of years I will definitely purchase another.
I bought a 12 string one in blk.  Love it for simplicity and needed it so I didn't have to keep searching for the other.  Got gold to remind me it is for six strings.
I have used a few different capo's this is far and away my favorite. Very easy to take it off, holds the strings tight. What more can you ask for? Does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive.
It does what it says. It a Kyser Quick Change capo. This capo is great for changing keys in the middle of a song or anytime you are in a hurry. Highly recommended.
It's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes I wonder if it fits too tightly, as when I use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes I feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well.
Long time Shubb user, but decided to try something different.I think I've found how lazy I am. I ended up using the Kyser more often than the Shubb because of the fact that you can put the Kyser on the peghead.Reaching my hand to an always available position on guitars (i.e. the peghead) for the Kyser turns out to be much more convenient than reaching to something that is not on the guitar and that could change according to situations, e.g. maybe just by my side on the sofa in my living room, maybe a table or the floor in some other places, for the Shubb.
These Capos are wonderful. Perfect all the way around! long lasting and backed up by the company. I have three!
Good strong spring and good strong materials.  The only improvement I would make is the clear protector that holds behind the neck.  The protector needs to be longer.  As the protector ages it slips off the end.  If it had more surface extended from end to the base where it pivots it would help.
I have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently. The price is right for these, and they work just fine. My only real issue is that sometimes, they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you're going to bar, thus producing a sound you weren't looking for. Some of the higher end capo's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring. However, like i say, these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard, and are from what i can tell, the most popular model on the market.
Easy to use capo. Good strength - holds the strings down well.. Not sure that it's as good as the G7th capo, which I still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune, but the Kyser is much cheaper and does a good job.
Probably the best kapo out on the market. Very high quality and a sleek look. Easy to use, what more could you want?
I use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome. I like to put the capo on the first fret and when I play a song I made, it sounds really really good. The capo is very easy to use as well.
The description says the color is gold.  It's not.  More of a greenish yellow, but does what it is intended for.  I think I would stick with the black color though.
I really like my capo, the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic, and it works as it should. However, I feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product. For example, I think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer, and rounded (the back side of a guitar neck is rounded, after all). The spring could definitely be tighter...I do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough. Also, the design is fairly nice, but it's mostly aesthetic...it's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.Don't get me wrong, this is a rather good product, and it's priced about right. It just isn't a high end product/5-star perfect.
The package arrived on time. This is the best capo around and works great. Does what it is supposed to do.
works great. Just clip it on and jam out.forget the screw on type, and spend the few extra bux for this one.  you'll be happier, trust me.
I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons.  It is lovely.  Clear shard silk screening.  The capo itself is really good.  It is very snug on the strings.
This capo is awesome, it looks and feels very nice and premium, it works on all of my guitars not much more you can ask for.
I have an electro acoustic Martin (second hand but without a scratch). I got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. Is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good. Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.Recomended
Martin makes great sounding strings.  I decided to use Light Martin strings (.12) because they sounded louder and better, and I could play them just as easy as the lighter strings.
Strings are not just strings. Guitar strings are another very important part of playing GREAT Guitar. And all Martin products are second to none.
I replaced a set of strings that were very used with these Martins.  They are, as named, very light.  They are easy on my fingers and give great tone.  Quality company, great strings, great price!
The name Martin says it all & has for many,many years.Grab some extras because you will want more, Great price,great strings.
I love these strings, and use them for all of my acoustic playing. Best of all, I can find them here for $3.49 per set, so I'm not dumping a bunch of money on strings all the time. Easy to play, and they sound great.long lasting if you take care of them by wiping them down every time.
This is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good.  I broke the high E on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily I had bought 2 packs at the same time.  So, I want to keep a completed pack for back up.  I have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session.  I have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter.
These are okay strings for the Folk Guitar.............nothing special but the price isn't out of the world either. Good buy for the money. Tried them on a Gibson J50 and they seem to do good.
I am yet another one of those "Forever Beginners" when it comes to playing the guitar. Never mind that...these guitar strings made second hand guitar sound so much better! After putting in new pegs and re-stringing with these strings...it sounds so much nicer! More richer! Now I see I need to replace the saddle and bridge on it as the pegs keep coming loose. I think that once I do this and then re-string these same strings on it...I will be set to go!I like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! I also have small fingers and hands.I intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.I recommend!
I restrung my Martin 0-16NY with these strings and found them to be excellent.  As a new guitarist,the light strings were very easy on my sensitive finger tips and have a very warm and rich sound.
the string work well but did not give the mellow sound on my guitar that I was looking for. The shipping was quick and the strings were recieved in good order.
I love these strings.  I bought a set awhile back for my Ovation, but never used them.  Then I came into possession of an old Yamaha acoustic guitar which was pretty beat up and needed new strings.  I put these suckers on there and wow was I impressed.  Even that old beater guitar sounded great and played easily with these strings.  So... I bought another set for the Ovation this time!
I really like these things.  I don't stick tape and stuff to guitar body which if they do make a double sided tape similar to post it notes might be a good idea.  Bought a few while back and just bought a few more.  If you drop a pick there is another right there.  Have fun.
it's good but think its a bit expensive for just one they should give you two for that price or lower the price
Doe's not stay on to well, moves to much even if you go for the pick lightly could be redeisigned.
After buying this product, I have concluded that $8.00 is a lot of money for foam! Does the job, but I think the velcro job would be preferable to this one.
Excellent simple product. Fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. Easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. Has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves.
Since I bought these little gadgets everybody playing guitar around want them.I use to misplace my picks all the time when playing and now I do not have to look around for them any longer as I know where to find them.  I like to use different gage picks therefore.  I have ordered more for Christmas stocking stuffers whicdh will be enjoyed by my friends.
I'm using this right now on my acoustic and it does its job in respect to holding your picks. It was smaller then I would have pictured, but it still is a good product. It can hold light to heavy picks and its super easy to put it and take it off. Only problem I had was that it moves a lot when putting my pick back in. Besides that, its highly recommendable to anyone. I will definitely pick up more for my other axes.
I use this to hold my picks on my acoustic guitar. Got tired of losing picks in mid jam, digging through pockets, scavenging for another pick. Now it's right there.
I was thinking it may affect the ability to tune properly, but it seems to have no affect at all. Super audiophile tone hounds might say it affects the resonance and sustain, but just take it off when recording. Very handy to have two picks with you at all times. It's great not to have to make a trip back to the mike stand to get a pick or having to attach something with sticky tape to the guitar's finish. Me likey!! Price can't be beat either!
I've played string instruments for the better part of 55 years... Starting with a cheap Tijuana Wood box as a 5 year old, progressing to Martin 6 and 12 string Acoustic guitars, and a few electric Fender and Gibson units.... All good in their own respect.I decided to treat myself to a Les Paul for my 58th birthday but, not having the financial resources to buy a $3,000.00 git, I shopped and shopped... Finally settling on this Cherry Burst LP-100.It arrived in perfect condition, the slightly smooshed outer packaging notwithstanding. It was even "sorta" in tune... but a quick dial-in with the electronic tuner brought that right.Simply put, Nice guitar. After allowing the strings and neck to settle in together, I spent a few hours a week later adjusting string height, intonation, and pick-up distances, and now this LP *ROCKS* !!!If you're going to spend mid-range $$$ on a fine practice / performance guitar, you can't go wrong with this one, kids - Two Thumbs Up ![Suggestion: A Fender Mustang 1 or 2 amp makes this guitar sound even better...]
This is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing.  My particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat.  There's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body.  Neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me.  Maybe I got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models?  My guitar also has a weird V shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - I'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together.  I know that the better Les Paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since I didn't read about this one having something different, I assumed it would be the same.  Glue is stronger than wood and Les Paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so I guess my guitar should be more durable than some. Still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery.  I'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.My remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all Les Paul guitars versus my particular instrument.  The guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting.  The top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a Les Paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars.  It's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; Les Paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup.  The range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and I found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated .09 strings without additional hardware.The guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars.  Note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of Les Paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar.  Though this is a fine guitar for the price, I'm not sure that I would make the same choice if I were in the same position again.
I have been playing guitar for over 30 years. I've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. My wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this guitar. It is a solid, well built guitar. The finish is beautiful. The pictures do it no justice. It sounds incredible. It has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. The clean tones are nice and warm. The neck is fast. No fret noise or hums. The pickups are really nice. Its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. From blues to hard rock & metal. I would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. You cannot find a better guitar for this price. I would have expected it to cost much more. I am extremely impressed with this great guitar. You can bet, when I add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. Well done Epiphone!!
I had been learning on a Squier for about six months and really wanted a better guitar. After doing research, reading reviews, and checking it out in a guitar store, I chose this one.It's much easier to play than the Squier, and it has a better sound. Like the Squier (but not as bad), it gets a little buzzy on the top strings. I suspect it might need to be adjusted, but I don't have a clue as to how to go about it.It's also a good choice for women. I'm a small woman, and I really like that the neck is smaller. It's also fairly lightweight.Overall, I'm happy with my choice. A guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. Maybe. I expect to be happy with it for a few years before I upgrade again.
I have been playing guitar since I was 6 years old (over 3 decades) and I must say this was a very pleasant surprise.  I haven't had an electric in years, and didn't have the budget to get a Gibson, so picked up this Epi Les Paul 100 instead, along with a Fender Mustang I Amp.  Great combination.  This guitar has a very sloid feel, and came set-up perfectly right out of the box.  All it needed was tuning.  Unlike others, I didn't feel that the strings I got needed to be changed right away, but probably within the first two weeks you will want to change them.  Replaced mine with Ernie Ball "Not Even Slinky's" and couldn't be happier with the way this thing plays and sounds.  Great sustain, beautiful harmonics, the clean tones are warm, can get nice blues tones out of it, and superb thrash metal too.  Very versatile.  It does not quiet do country or jazz, but it wasn't really meant to.The action is extremely easy, fret board has a great feel to it, good width on the neck, not too slinder but not too thick.  It just feels good in your hands.The finish on this product is very nice.  One thing though, the pick guard is kind of a tan / cream off white color, not bright white as pictured, but it still looks great.Also, not mentioned in the description, but this does come with a 12 foot cord, but it's not the best quality.  Would recommend picking up a new one when you order.Overall, this is well worth the $500 that they list as the MSRP.  At less than half that its a steal.If you are considering this instrument, don't hesitate.
Well, the Epiphone Les Paul came in earlier this morning!Am I impressed? U bet cha!This thing is simply beautiful! It arrived well padded in a double box. Initially, I spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if I could spot any flaws. NONE! Not a finger print on it anywhere! This guitar is extremely well made and put together right. It was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. The neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. I put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the &#34;money&#34;!It's considerably heaver than than I thought.  I would imagine it weighs about 10-14lbs. I have a strap ordered and on the way.The maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. All the metal hardware appears top quality as are the Duncan pickups. This Epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing I ever had.  Your hand floats over the frets!I don't think you could get a better piece for the price point.
Waited two months before reviewing my les paul 100 to make sure there were no issues.  I am very happy with the guitar.  It came well padded and was in excellent shape.  It was set up well and has played well out of the box.  Just did my first string change making sure I used the same gauge of string and didn't have to make any adjustments to the guitar.  Played as well after the change as it did before.  Was a little nervous about an online purchase and not being able to play the guitar before buying but when you live out in the sticks and it's a major trip to get to a real guitar store you sometimes take your chances.  Anyway it all worked out as the guitar is very easy to play, free prime two day shipping, no sales tax, and saved about $80 in gas it would have taken to make a trip to buy one in a store.  The savings in gas and tax paid for about half of my new Mustang 2 v2 amplifier.The only thing is on the epiphone site it states all their electric guitars include a cable in the box.  This one did not and from reading their forum it seems it is almost a normal thing for cords to somehow disappear before reaching the customer.  It is not a big deal to me but I thought I'd mention it for those thinking of buying a epiphone.  When I ordered this one I wasn't really sure if a cable would be included or not so I ordered one at the same time, I'm glad I did.
First off, the shipping was fantastic. It shipped the very next day and came VERY well protected in perfect condition. It is an extremely well made and solid product. I think a few people have given this Les Paul a rep of just being a "Starter Guitar". Trust me when I say, I have no problem leaving my Les Paul Standard at home and taking this one to a gig. It plays well and the sound?? INCREDIBLE. It even has a great acoustic sound to it when not plugged into an amp. I can't say enough good things about this guitar it's that good. If you're thinking aout buying this guitar, don't. Just buy it!! BUY IT!!
It'd been about 6 years since I've had an electric guitar. I traded my old one off to pay a debt and just never returned. I decided recently after moving back to my home town that I was going to get back into playing electric guitar, only this time I wanted it to be more than a &#34;hobby&#34;. I fully intend on doing local gigs for fun and some side cash and this guitar will EASILY deliver.It came in perfect condition. The action is set perfectly and I don't have any issues with buzzing strings. It comes with clear (black) control knobs, which I'll likely replace with something a bit prettier. But overall this is a great guitar. It even sounds amazing, it really does have that ballsy sound of a LP..... because well 0_o it IS a LP. Its no Gibson, but it IS a LP!Very happy with this purchase!!!!
Purchased primarily for Rocksmith and it works very well for that.  Still learning how to play, but like the feel of this guitar.  Looks great and plays great.  Was packaged very well.  Only needed minor setup adjustments. I would recommend getting strap locks.
this is a beautiful guitar...the finish is amazing...and the tone is very clear...if you can't afford several hundreds or thousand for a les paul...this is a fun and very good guitar for the money...has 6 strings,,,from e to e...and if you know the g chord you will have lot's of fun...the volume control goes to 11 ,if you want to kick it up a notch...(only kidding)
Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, EbonyHello again. I have written a review on this guitar just after I purchased it and now it's been over a year and I still stand by my positive review. I own about 8 guitars now and this guitar is one of two of my favorites. My other favorite is a Dean electric 12 string.  When I hold and play this Epiphone Les Paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something I could take on stage but it doesn't have the cost associated with a Gibson. What's also amazing is that it's still around a $150. It's well worth the noney. It stays in tune and it high quality. Well worth the money. I just purchased an electric/acoustic Epiphone ukelele today for my Chiropractor. I will review that later. If you are looking for a Les Paul guitar this is not one. Not his typical style although Amazon does sell one for about $250 so don't let the name fool you. It's still a very nice guitar though. Very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. I highly recommend this guitar. Buy it!  Thank you.
I've been playing for over 40 years. I currently own 60 or so guitars. My problem with LP's is they feel like a boat anchor around your neck, I've bought and sold quite a few. Another problem with real LP's, you only get one chance to drop one, just see how many used ones have head-stock repairs. They ARE beautiful guitars but not comfy for me to play. I deal in used guitars, picked up an Epi Special ll along with several other guitars at a resale shop for very cheap. I didn't mess with it until I was ready to set it up for resale. I fully expect to do a fret level on most guitars, even a lot of higher end guitars need it. I found on the Special ll the frets were actually very well done (Chinese version from 2011) and only needed a slight leveling (would have played fine without it but I am very picky). It didn't take much to get it set up, small truss rod adjustment, new set of 10's for strings. little bit of adjustment to the bridge, cut the nut a bit....note it played well the way I got it, just like my stuff perfect. Got it set-up and plugged it in to check the electronics and that's when I started to really become impressed with this guitar. Cheap pickups are supposed to sound muddy with no character, these sounded pretty good, actually very good, nice and bright with a nice tight bottom end. I check sound also by cranking up a backing track to stage level and playing a few tracks. It cut through really well. I noticed while doing this test that the volume had a very nice sweep to it and didn't lose any highs when turned down. The tone knob was also very usable with a good sweep, very nice. I popped off the back cover to check what was in there, full sized pots, maybe not the best quality but much better than expected. I normally upgrade electronics on my personal guitars to get the controls to operate the way I like but no need to fix what's not broken. Yup, I said "on my personal guitars" because I am keeping this one for myself. The neck is very fast and comfy, it's NOT a boat anchor so my shoulder will thank me. The tuners are the lower end trapezoid type but turn smoothly with no backlash and keep the guitar in tune fine, once again if it ain't broke don't fix it. Please note that most tuning problems are from a binding improperly cut nut. I've set-up hundreds of guitars and almost all of them need nut work, doesn't matter what price point you are at. This also has a bolt on neck. A lot of players say you have to have a set (glued) neck. I feel glue actually deadens the sound a bit, I prefer a good solid bolt on to transfer sound, IMO. I have found that the quality level of the low end foreign guitars has become very good. I know that corners have to be cut to get to the price point of these budget guitars but all in all the Special ll is good to go right out of the box with just a little tweaking. My advice is to go try one, my taste may not be the same as yours. There are a lot of good value well made guitars now-a-days, I just found at this price vs quality ratio the Epiphone Special ll really is special. Get one, get it set up for a few bucks if you can't do it yourself, and you will have a good instrument. Oh did I mention this is a very good looking guitar?
Pretty sweet guitar for the price. Sounds like and plays like a Les Paul. I really like the vintage sunburst color (It's more orange than what the picture shows). The strings were setup on the nut close to the fret board the way I like it already when I got it. I just replaced the strings with heavier strings for personal preference. Overall, sounds and looks awesome! Would recommend it for anyone on a budget that wants the sound of a Les Paul.
This guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box.  I am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth.  I am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading.  This guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture.  So expect it to be a different color than what you order.  See customer pics.It comes with strings installed and almost tuned.  The volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use.  The tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming.  My only gripe is that the high E string gets caught on the top pickup when I'm playing hard, but maybe I'm just a novice.  I will say that it's very easy to play.Everything on it is very adjustable which I also like.  The only BUYER BEWARE statement I can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it!
I purchased this when it was on sale during the Christmas season - I figured that for the asking price at the time I could not go wrong.My expectations were frankly low. I had heard nothing but horrible things about Epiphones, with the main complaint being they would not stay in tune. Other complaints included poor overall quality and terrible playability. What I received was the polar opposite: I received an instrument with a strikingly beautiful finish, and one that stays in tune (amazingly it was close to being in perfect tune when I unboxed it.)I am not wild about the strings that came stock, but I am a drummer and suffer the same disappointment about heads that ship with new drums. I guess guitarists expect to change strings on a new guitar the same way drummers do when it comes to heads. In the near future I intend to restring the guitar withD'Addario ECG25 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Light, 12-52, which, while thick, should make the instrument jazz-friendly. I realize that flatwound strings will require a new set-up and intonation, but considering how good the guitar is and how relatively little it cost me, the new strings and work will be an investment.Out of the box, though, the action was reasonably low and the frets appeared [to my novice eyes and fingers] to be properly dressed. I have already invested in a good - but not great case:Guardian Hardshell Electric Guitar Caseto store the guitar (I also uploaded a customer-provided photo on this page that shows the case and how well the guitar fits.)For the record, I use the following amp, which I have also reviewed that is a perfect match to this guitar:Kustom Defender 15 Watt Class A Guitar Headthat I run through aKustom  The Defender 1 x 12 Guitar Extension Cabinet for 5H Head.Bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. The price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year.
Listen,If you want an inexpensive guitar with great sound and easy playability, buy this one.  Period.I bought a black one to leave in the trunk while I was at work, in case the guys called for a practice session, so I wouldn't have to go all the way home to pick up my gear.I have other, way more expensive guitars, like a Gibson ES-335, Dean 12 string, and a Fender Strat, but I gotta tell you, I like this one soooo much I play it more than the others!  No kidding.And if it gets banged up, so what???  It costs a buck thirty!  Buy another.  In facte I bought 2 others with different finishes, just for a cheap change up guitar.Dig it.
I'm updating a previous negative review. I had some issues with this guitar when it arrived. I couldn't get it setup, the action was very high and I couldn't set the intonation. Notes at the 12th fret were very sharp, and I couldn't lower them with saddle adjustments. I missed one vital checkpoint, the bridge needed to be lowered. Setup is finished, and I can now agree with most reviewers. For the price, this guitar is far better than any others in the price range. I know my grandson will enjoy it, at least for awhile. If it ends up as a dust collector, I'm not out much on the purchase price. I'll add it back to my own collection, and upgrade the electronics.
The Epiphone Les Paul guitars don't particularly sound that great, but they stay in tune much better than the cheap squier strat you can get at the same or lower price. If your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. The reason for this is because for 1, if they decide it's not something they want to do anymore, you can resell it at the same price you bought it for (as long as it is still in decent condition) and little no money is lost. Second, if they do decide to stick with playing guitar and eventually own a &#34;better&#34; or more high end guitar, Mexican made teles or strats are great back up guitars for stage use. I have a couple different high end guitars and I will not get rid of my Mexy Strat because it sounds great still. I'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this.
I purchased this guitar after much thoughtful consideration of other possibilities, but the nearly universal high marks for this particular make and model finally persuaded me to go with this one, and I do not regret that decision.First of all, it is a beauty. Initially, I was a little disappointed in that very little wood grain shows through the orangish finish. (My guitar was made in China, which may account for the darker hue.) I thought I had wanted a lighter color, but the more I look at it the happier I am with what I have. Second, this instrument is no light-weight, either in heft or playability. It is solidly constructed, very well put together, and plays like a dream. (I lowered the action until I encountered some fret buzz, then backed off the adjusting screws just a bit; that's basically the only adjustment I've made, or likely will make.)It's been barely a day since the guitar arrived and, as yet, I've only played it unplugged. I can't wait to hear how it sounds amped up.
This is my third circuit breaker cable. I play in church and no one wants to here the "POP" if I have to leave the sanctuary. Why three: 10foot, 15foot, and 20foot depending on the setup for the group - I hate cable jump rope. I really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand I use.
A nice concept that actually works, The cable is very nice, too with an adequate gauge. Try it out for yourself!
Wow, these cables are made really sturdy. And the noiseless feature is priceless. Definitely a real good value for the money.
I purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. I only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. It sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. The controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. I have played "boutique" chorus pedals, and the Boss is loads better in every way. You will not regret this purchase.Pros:-easy to use-no hum-small-sonds awesome-indestructabecons:-NONEIf you want an awesome chorus that has been around forever, will last forever, and sounds incredible, get this.
I bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after I got my first guitar.  I've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound.  It's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound I want.  You might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet!
Very very good product! I have no complains about it.  Definitely a great buy and a Must have in your pedalboard.
Sweet chorus, I have the CE5, the CE20, a CE3 and this one. This chorus is my favorite, it sounds just right, the analog CE3 is awesome but too weak, Boss should include a level knob instead of a stereo control, anyway this one is a keeper!
OK... I am a pro musician & rely on gear that will stand the tests of the road. I was using an old Ibenez Chorus Pedal (one of the first to hit the market) of which I did not use much basically due to it's used for certain songs. I upgraded from using 2 separate pedal boards to a single unit & decided to buy the Boss CH-1 Super Chorus to add to the collection. After my first gig I removed the Ibenez Chorus Pedal because of the tonal superiority of the Boss unit. I am certain there are units that may boast of being better but, I have found through my 40+ years of playing that more money is not always better.Great tones! Easy operation! And it is the best bet for the money!
As several of the previous posters astutely mentioned, 'you will need a noise gate to use this pedal'. I completely agree with that. And it will sustain your notes. It will actually raise the volume to make them sustain. But you will have extraneous hiss when the guitar is not playing to cover it up. The only way to get rid of this hiss is to use a noise gate. I use the NS-2 when I use my chain of pedals. That said, this pedals has some wonderful uses. Every note will have the same volume. You can hit the chord as hard as you like or as softly and it will play at the same volume. You can set it to sustain for days. Again, you will need a noise gate. There is nothing transparent about THIS compressor as there is almost all of my other compressors, but none of them are as "ACTIVE" as this one. Perhaps that's the price you pay for what this pedal can do. I recommend messing with it quite a while. You can do some incredible funk, jazz, metal vibes out of it.
The Boss CS3 is right for me, I have been using it with excellent results, I have many compressors, Line6, MXR, Behringer, Digitech, and although I alternate their use the Boss stands out on many rig configurations, it can feel a little bit overcompressed sometimes but in general a very good product, I highly recommended it as your main compressor, if you dont like it probably you dont know how to configure it, good luck.
Think of this as an artist's tool.  And for every job there is the 'right' tool.  Is this the best distortion pedal?  That really depends on what sound you are trying to get and what other gear/technique you are using with it.  If you are using bad gear or poor technique it will not perform miracles.  It will not make your 15 watt solid state Ibanez Soundblaster amp sound like a raging Orange Rockerverb and it will not make single coils sound like EMG 81/85s.  But arguing over what pedal is 'best' is like two painters arguing over what color is best used to paint a sunrise.  This pedal is good for a tight kind of distortion- but not so heavy that you can do modern metal if running into a clean amp - if that makes any sense. It it doesn't make sense, there are ample Youtube reviews you can check out before pulling the trigger.  It has been used by professional players like Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and Kurt Cobain. It is a professional pedal used by professional musicians.  It's built like a brick and durable as all get-out.  I found mine used for $20, but the new asking price is fair. I would like to see Boss start using true bypass instead of the buffered bypass they use, but admittedly I don't detect any tonesuck with it.  I've run mine into a tube amp on the verge of breakup and it can really get things cooking.  It also takes an overdrive or sustainer pretty well to bump the gain and get some singing leads.  With the exception of 'modeler' type pedals from companies like Tech 21, I do not think that any dirtboxes- this included- perform optimally when run into a solid state amp.  So if you are not happy with the way it is distorting your Marshall MG, the problem is in your amp.
This is a distortion pedal. It will give your amp a boost for solos and turn a clean amp into a dirty girl. It's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. The DS-1 DOES NOT warm up the tone in your amp. You can dial the tone in, but it's a pretty harsh sounding.That said - the DS-1 does exactly what I wanted it to. My amp gives me a nice warm crunch, classic rock style. The DS-1 gives me the 80's metal and punk rock sound I wanted, and it does so flawlessly.It took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the DS-1. It's BOSS, so it will last forever.Th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. Usually Amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.
I find that if I play this pedal along with my Boss Super Chorus pedal, my guitar with Tex-Mex pickups captures a lot Gilmour's sound tonality.
This pedal has been on the market for a very long time and it was a smoking deal for a Boss pedal at $40. The pedal works great with almost any guitar pickup set but sings with my EMG powered Schecter and tube amp.Different distortion levels can be dialed in and to my surprise, it works good with a bass although bass players know they will lose some bottom end.The guitar universe always raves about Boss and the distortion pedals and how any guitar player should have one of the distortion pedals. Buy it and experiment with the gain and settings and find your favorite tone.I may buy another one and mod it to use with my bass.
From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:"Alright, so you want to get a good (if somewhat "basic") distortion sound for less than $100? This is your deal."I strongly disagree.  You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $100 or less, even a few near or under the $40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.I've played guitar for over 10 years.  Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1.  Afterall, everyone talks about them, they're available at any given music store in the nation, you hear about all these famous musicians using them, plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap!  So I snapped one up just like everyone else.  Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR, that doesn't always mean its GOOD (see: Nickelback, the Transformers movie franchise, the Kardashian family, etc...).So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.So here are some pedals I currently own that I like much better than the DS-1.  All of them are great general purpose distortions, easy enough to find new and used in most guitar shops, and can, at the time of this writing, be bought brand new for $75 or less here on good ol' Amazon.com, and are rugged enough to last for years:Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.Pro Co RAT2:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.EHX Little Big Muff:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.MXR Distortion +:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially theMOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moowhich honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.
Here's the deal with this pedal. It is inexpensive and you can get a better pedal with barely a bit more money and sometimes a little less money. In my opinion, for spending less than $100 for a distortion pedal, whether it is your first pedal or 700th pedal, a few more bucks will get you the MXR Badass distortion which has a much crisper tone to it.
This is a little more expensive than some other brands, but i think it sounds great and it's way more durable than a plastic pedal.I'm pretty new to electric guitar so i'm not really a distortion and tone expert like some other reviewers.  To me this this sounds better and is easier to adjust than my modeling amp, so I think it's a good purchase.
This is the best deal ever my first pedal was a zoom 505 gfx and it was really electronic and synthesized sounding alot of echos and stuff. Honestly the best effect it held was the phaser/jet pipe effect. I got this today and man it sounds so crisp clean and evenly distorted. It does the job distortion and sustain best buy for a best price!! bodow!!! from Trinidad!!
This pedal has been around for a long time, and though the overall quality has declined as Boss has cut corners to enable lower priced mass production of their pedals, the boss ds-1 remains the staple image of distortion stompbox's. The ds-1 is a no-frills tank of a pedal; it was designed to withstand a direct nuclear blast as well as Michael Moore stepping on it, so you know it can take any amount of punishment you might care to give it.This pedal doesn't replicate any type of amplifier-it's not a "Marshall-in-a-box, or a mesa boogie, or a vox, or a Fender; from a tonal aspect it isn't complex or dynamic. It will add plenty of grind to your tone, and plenty of hum to go with it. If you're looking for your first distortion pedal to use with your 15-watt practice amp, look no further. If you have a decent tube amp, look elsewhere, because with this pedal, you get what you pay for, and it simply will not do a quality amp justice.Pros: Inexpensive, good build quality, distorts your signal.Cons: Lots of hum, the tone control gets really shrill really fast.Without the excessive hum and almost-unusable tone control, this would get 4 stars.
I love these pedals. Inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking.This pedal received the gain and JCM mod.I will purchase more of these and will mod each and every one of them.This pedal is also good stock for a lead boost. Love this pedal.
There's some element of nostalgia with the DS-1 that I've just never understood.  I know they're cheap.  I know they're incredibly durable (as are all BOSS pedals).  I know everybody had one or tried one at some point, and Kurt Cobain (apparently) used them with his Fenders.But I also know that I've almost never been happy with the tone I get when I step on the pedal.  It's incredibly thin and harsh, and lacks proper sustain, even cranked all the way.  I've used it on Marshall solid state amps and Vox tube amps.  Fender single coil pickups and guitars with humbuckers.  You can mess with the TONE and DIST dials all you want, but there has to be dozens of other affordable pedals, and even on-amp distortion, with a richer, deeper tone.Coincidentally, I also used the BOSS OS2 Overdrive/Distortion for many years, which is supposedly merges/blends a DS-1 with an OD-1.  That pedal isn't ideal either, but if I turn the knob all the way to "distortion", it's a much better tone than I ever got out of a DS-1.Then again, it is very dependable and usually only $40 (or less), so I can't really give it a bad review because it probably does belong in everyone's collection.  That just doesn't mean you'll want to use it all the time.
I know, I know, many people hate on this pedal, calling it &#34;stale&#34;, and &#34;generic&#34;. The problem that they have is that they simply haven't found the right settings on the pedal and the amp, because, after all, the settings on both the amp, and the pedal do make a difference. One thing to note is that it is a bit on the quiet side in my opinion. I have a Digitech Bad Monkey, and I set the level on that to 2 so it matches up with the amp. With this pedal, I have to crank the level to make the clean tone the same level as the distorted tone.
This is an excellent distortion pedal for people who want a traditional rock sound. I use it with a Fender Mustang amp and an Ibanez guitar with good humbucking pickups. It's very easy to use and rugged. If you play metal, you might want to get the HardWire TL-2 instead; that pedal delivers more distortion (an insane amount, if necessary) and more tone control, but it's also more expensive. But you can easily boost the distortion achieved by the DS-1 by using it with your amp on an overdriven setting. The DS-1 is an excellent general purpose distortion pedal. I don't know of any other that achieves this level of quality in the same price-range.
First off I am no expert on these things but I can tell you in the brief period in which I have owned my DS-1 I have enjoyed playing/practicing a lot more with this pedal.  I have a Fender wannabe guitar, and a Fender Sidekick 10 which means my gear isn't the best but the pedal produces a wide variety of distortion and tone changes which keeps me interested.  I am having so much fun that I don't even notice my fingers hurt anymore.  Honestly, this is an essential buy when starting out along with headphones and a cord extension so the police don't come a knockin.(update Sept 2012)It is a year later and I have a much better guitar and amp and a lot more knowledge.  I am glad I got the DS-1 but for other reasons.  Sure it made me enjoy playing and practicing a lot more but I soon found the sound was off considering I like more blue and classic rock.  Again for the money I dont think you can beat it but more importantly when you have a few buck you can send it out for modification from Keeley.  Initially I had wished I went with and overdrive (OCD or Boss OD-3) but with the mod done by Keeley I have a super flexible pedal that cover just about all the sounds I need.  In closing, spend the $40 buck and get this....and then when you start wishing it could do more send it off to be modified and you will thank yourself later.
I've had this for about 11 years now. Even with some of the newer metal pedals on the market, this pedal still sells well. Not to mention, it's probably also one of the most modded pieces out there. Any number of mods can be found online to change the sound. They're usually on the side of improving the stock tone, which I'm happy with.I've always liked the parametric EQ on this pedal. The variable midrange allows me to get Marshall or Mesa flavors. For most metal/hard rock music, the gain range is enough for me. If I need yet more gain, I punch it up with an overdrive, or a compressor pedal for a cleaner boost. Even without a boost, I can use it for death metal. I think if you play the tighter, more technical styles, it's better not to have too much gain anyhow.
I bought mine used three years ago and it works great. It works for a Metallica, Pantera type sound. You can also get good rock sounds with the gain turned down and eq. adjusted.
BY FAR the best distortion pedal out there. No doubt about that. Several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. I also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. It's great for medal. It have a nice punch to it along with a great &#34;cut&#34; so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. There are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. AMAZING
First of all I want to say I love a tube amp distortion.  Overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be.  I run a Randall G3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state I've used or heard.  For recording I use a Peavey 5150 and its so sweet.  Tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.Recently I started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that I felt like could only be achieved through a pedal.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, I used the DOD death metal for years when I first started playing.  However, there is a downside.  Go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old AM radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250.  Quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.I chose the MT-2 because I know Boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using.  It gives a variety of sounds.  It can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones.  The controls make it very tweakable and I have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it.  Read the included book, look up some MP3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings.  It will help you tame this pedal into what you want.  Perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot.  There are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.I've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz.  I must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig.  Within 10 minutes I was pleased with the MT-2.  I used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.I say the MT-2 is worth an investment if you're looking for a big distortion sound from a little pedal.  Surely something guitarists should consider adding to their board.
This is a great pedal I picked up used, they can be had cheaply on the used market. I actually use it with both an acoustic electric guitar to get a little distortion and the bass guitar for some grit. The 2 EQ pots on the front panel make it very versatile, enough to use with a cigar box guitar also.The pedal can preserve bass signal and still be EQ'd for saturated distortion. The other reviews speak for this pedal both here and on other sites and one can see why it is so popular. I also other Boss Distortion pedals. Like most people, I own a DS-1 and an MD-2 which are both cheap and effective. I own a HM-2 Heavy Metal 2 which caters more to the traditional metal sound and I actually think this pedal is more versatile IMO with different guitars where you may not want a strictly metal tone.I also own an older 80's HM-2 Heavy Metal which will run circles around the metal zone for classic thrash and speed metal tones and almost any other heavy distortion pedal that I could never part with, overall i like this pedal, but it cannot top the older legendary Boss pedals.
I love BOSS pedals. I owned a DS-1 (Distortion) and a MT-2 (Metal Zone) for years, and loved them both. This one, is a good "meet in the middle" of those two. It's great if you want some really good bluesy distortion, or you can crank the color and get some thick distortion.As always, this pedal is very well constructed and sturdy. I love it.
This pedal was the mainstay of my effects for a few years.  It really does have a ton of range, although it only does one effect at a time, so you'd have to reach down and change the knobs mid-show in order to get the other variations.  My most commonly used setting was with the overdrive-distortion mix knob at about 2 o'clock, which produces a very professional sounding Grunge-type effect.  If you want any of those 90's sounds, excluding the heavier metal sounds, this pedal will definitely get you there.
very simple, very user-friendly,and the feature that is most important i think, versatile. the OS/DS and drive knobs allow you to chose between a very different bunch of tones. and also, for the money, a great deal. 100% recommended.
I first used this pedal when my green screemer died. A friend had and os-2 on hand and let me use it. I had used Boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. So I plug into the OS-2 and I was pleasently impressed with the range of distortion and overdrive the OS-2 pedal produced. I play through a '59 fender bassman and the mix of those tubes with this pedal produce some very sweet tones. I have also played this pedal through a solid state amp and I am still impressed. I have spent years searching for a pedal that could produce a nice tight churnch with a warm and low bottom end, my search ended with this pedal. I highly recomend this pedal to any rock, blues, metal, country, or punk guitar player.
It's a good OD, but I thought it would be higher output, and more articulate. Just personal preference. I mean, the Pedal is a Classic for a reason.
This thing freaking rocks! I LOVE this pedal. I can't stop using it. Sometimes I just play long, drawn out chords so I can listen to this amazing tone [in combo with distortion on my amp - it's perfect metal!!]
It's yellow, its metal, its Boss.  If you want your drive sound to have definition this is the pedal to get.  The best OD I have ever owned.  Makes me want to see if my tone could cut board in half.
I bought this pedal used and have used it with both a Fender tube amp and a Marshall solid state using clean channels. I can get a variety of tones from it with different guitars, and reccomend it as a first overdrive or to add to a collection.While I have several overdrive pedals, this one is good at giving some basic overdrive tones while keeping the amps low end. I can get decent tones from a Telecaster and Les Psul by keeping the level and tone knobs below 12 o'clock and adjusting the drive to taste.The OD sounds great through Fender clean tubes and I also tried it with a bass guitar. With some adjustment of the tone and drive knob, the bass has an overdriven tone with a good drive.The other reviews here prove this pedal is typical and iconic Boss in build quality. I find the Boss pedals good for their purpose and have mostly modded the ones I've owned after some time, but I may keep this one as is and use it as a boost. These pedals last forever and I only paid $20 for mine.
I held out from trying the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive for many years.  Like many guitarists, my first distortion pedal was a Boss DS-1, which was durable and aggressive, but also extremely frustrating.  I might have formed some negative impressions about Boss, when it was probably unfair to do so.The SD-1 is widely owned and very affordable (usually around $50).  It's similar in a lot of ways to the Ibanez TS-9 Tubescreamer, except that a Tubescreamer reissue costs twice as much.  A lot of guitarists consider the SD-1 to be more of a "rock" overdrive, while the TS-9 is more of a "tube/blues" effect.  There's probably some truth to that, but both of them are excellent pedals.However, the SD-1 really impressed me with its transparency and versatility.  You CAN simply plug into it and use it alone with a clean channel.  But that isn't necessarily the best use for the pedal - it excels as a "booster" pushing an already overdrive amp, or stacking with other distortion/OD pedals.  One of the best settings is turning the Level all the way up and the gain all the way down.  This adds just a little bit of grit to your tone, and really sounds great.A feel that lot of people give the SD-1 mediocre reviews for reasons that aren't fair.  You hear things like "it cuts out too much bass", when that's really what the pedal is supposed to do.  The midrange hump, when set up properly, can take away the muddiness of your tone and help you cut through a band during live playing.  And, like I said before, I feel as if it's MORE transparent in retaining elements of the clean tone than the TS-9, though preference between the two is entirely subjective.But you also know that it's a Boss pedal, which means it's as durable as they come.  The thing will stand up to years of abuse, and can be used in any number of roles.  If you're looking for a single pedal to make a small amp sound "big", there are probably better options in this range.  (Try the under-appreciated MD-2 Mega Distortion, or the excellent Joyo Ultimate Drive).  But if you understand what this pedal is supposed to do and use it for that purpose, you'll understand why this thing has been popular for over 30 years.
Great as a booster, as others have said. For solos, it'll boost your mids and your signal. As an overdrive, it's great, kind of a midsy, Marshally sound. It does suck out some of the low end, but you can fix that on your amp or board or whatever. It's a Boss, it's solid - and a great price. Remember, this is overdrive - not distortion. For distortion, look at other Boss pedals.
I have several overdrive pedals, some of which are much more expensive than the BOSS SD-1. For a long time I overlooked my SD-1 and used other pedals. But when I went back to trying the SD-1, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this relatively inexpensive pedal is superior to some of the pedals I had been using. I don't mean merely that it's "very good relative to its price"; I mean that it's "very good--period." It easily outclasses some pedals for which I paid much more. The price for this pedal sometimes goes down to about $45 on Amazon. At that price, it's an amazingly good deal. Note: This is definitely an overdive pedal; it will not deliver metal distortion (at least not by itself). If you want to ride the crazy train, look elsewhere (like Deltalab's Metal Distortion pedal). What this produces is smooth old-style overdrive. It's excellent. It sounds especially good through a dash of chorus. I plug my SD-1 into a Fender Mustang II amp and turn on the amp's chorus; the result is delicious. I've used the SD-1 with both single-coil and double-coil pickups. Both sound good, though, not surprisingly, you get a heavier punch with a humbucker. But it sounds great with single-coils too.
Sure there are fancier Tremolo pedals out there, but I've always been a fan of the Boss TR-2. It's got a more mellow and vintage Fender Tremolo output, and suits my playing to a T. Pair this beauty up with an Electro-Harmonix Cathedral Reverb pedal, and get lost for days. Definitely worth the reasonable cost!
This is a great Tremolo pedal.It is very quiet and when used correctly, there is absolutely no signal drop or volume drop whatsoever.You can blend the Tremolo type from a smooth sinuous pulsing waveform to a sharper edged "on/off" type tremolo.Tremolo varies the volume of the sound. It does not vary the pitch.You have control over the "depth" or "amount" of effect, and you can control how fast the effect pulsates the sound.A very simple, popular effect that I wouldn't want to live without in some form or another.Pretty teal green color.As with all Boss products they are built like a tank and generally last forever if they are not abused or damaged.I have no idea how fast this pedal eats batteries because I use a power supply.There is no on/off clicking when depressed.There is no added hiss, hum or distortion.The battery compartment is easily accessed without having to unplug anything.Simply a great effect and quality product from Boss and tends to hold its resale value well.
I've played this pedal for a while now and really dig it. I'm old school, Fender Blues Deluxe reissue and Strats and Teles, this pedal has a great, warm, organic feeling tremolo that I use a lot. You can barely bring it in for some warmth, or really crank the speed and depth for a great sort of rotary speaker effect.I'll use it with the rate set at tempo for a song and record clean guitar chords up on the middle of the neck. This effect will give you a nice almost Hammond B-3 type of organ sound.
This is a superb tremolo pedal: [1] Its dials allow for enormous control of the effect. [2] It's very sturdy--an often-noted feature of BOSS pedals. Further, [3] it's utterly easy to use, [4] allows for both 9v battery and power supply/adapter operation, and, most important of all, [5] it delivers beautiful tremolo. (Note: It comes with a 9v battery installed, but it does NOT come with a power source/adapter.) If the price is more than you're willing to pay, consider the DANELECTRO COOL CAT TREMOLO. This also delivers good tremolo, but it does not allow for as much sound-manipulation as the BOSS product; it's still quite good, but the BOSS takes the prize. I paid about $75 for mine and have zero regrets.
I got this to power my Danelectro Honeytone amp since it eats batteries like candy.  It's a power adaptor, so it isn't too exciting, but it works fine.
I was having some problems with my Ego Compressor comp getting noisey, sent it back and found out that It Had been using a slightly drained battery, so I got one of these and it is great, nice and quiet again, half the price of the boss one.
This is the best little guitar pedal adapter I've used, and I've used many over the last three decades. It's exceptionally quiet, which many are not, and it puts out 9.6 volts, which will drive your pedals a little more solidly than all but a brand new alkaline battery. And you won't have to buy a new one every dozen hours!I've used this on a splitter to drive three pedals, but at four and up I can hear the current drop a bit. Still, that's a good thing because it reminds me that tone comes from my fingers, not a box on the floor. But it sure is nice to have some Gilmouresque delay, and a little extra gain driving the tubes, and this is the best 9v adapter for pedals available that I know of, including the Boss ones. Dan has released some cool, well-made pedals in the past 15 years, and this little wall wart is a worthy companion.A very good deal at 15 clams.
...is a must if you have any of the Danelectro/FAB pedals.  As anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, this is the solution.  You get one of these and hook it up to a power splitter (Search for Visual Sound One Spot Multi-Plug 5 Cable) and you are good to go for up to 5 pedals!  No more battery swaps, no more searching for a 9-volt every 5 minutes...
What can I say lower priced than most and very low distortion I could Not hear the hum but for multi pedals to save on cost I use a godlyke power supply but this Is a good power pack.
Got this to use with the Behringer compressor I ordered with this. They are not indicated as compatible but it worked great! Price was right. I already own two and had no problems. Quiet. No hummmmm. Buy it if you need a wall wart.
I got this pedal cause is not so expensive, and I love music. I used to play in big concerts but no more but I can tell you that for the price is good who ever wants to have some fun and learn how to use a pedal.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...Now that's a Fun king wah wah!!It's big, it's hard and it's heavy but when you turn it on you understand why this is the original. It sounds exactly like how i always imagined, like in all those records...This one gets the big 5 for being everything i wanted it to be!
MY experience with crybaby is it has a great tone.  More overbearing than the Vox or cleaner wahs.  BUT I know several people who have had problems with the switch, and I have watched countless others stomping on their crybaby in futile attempts to engage or disengage the pedal.I actually use a BBE and Vox since this frustration with my 1st wah.  But I am not sure that I am giving up tone in exchange for the headache avoidance!  I kinda think I am.  The VOX and BBE seem to have a brighter sound which is less "wah-ed" if you will.  It could be accentuated by me playing a Strat instead of the Les Paul Custom/Boogie combination I used with the crybaby.
In my opinion this is one of the finest pedals to exist. The crybaby is still on my pedalboard and will be for as long as I can foresee.
WaWa pedals come and go, and get modded and re-thunk....But I always wanted an original Cry Baby... So this was a birthday gift to myself.Not disappointed.Down the road I MAY add some of the gazillions of electronic mods available now to personalize the sound, but for the time being I'm gonna enjoy this pedal "As-Shipped".Very Good Buy, Great packaging, earlier-than-expected delivery - Thanks Amazon !
The problem with this pedal is that you have to step all the way down on it to turn it on, which produces a sound.  The Morley pedals have a separate on/off switch, so you can turn them on or off at a given position.  The difference is the sound is just a bit more professional if the wah isn't always turning on or off at the top of the wah frequency.  Suppose you wanted to set the wah in the middle, and just leave it there.  You can't really do that with this pedal.  It is a bit smaller than a morley wah, but in my experience, the sound is equivalent on the base models.
this is my first petal of  any kind.  I had read that the Wah shoud be your first so I went with that.  glad I did.  this Wah petal is so much fun.  you can make as many cool sounds as your imagination will allow.  It is hours and hours of fun.  the sounds are great.  I have had no problem with performance.  it works as it should.  I highly recommend this petal.  it's price is attractive as well.
I love this wah. It's just perfect. I really can't find any negative about it. It's just a perfect standard wah. You won't regret this purchase at all. Just put a good analog fuzz after it & you're good to go.
If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
It is a good pedal, but it just doesn't have the sound I was looking for. It is great for playing funk music, but for us metal heads, the wah is just too weak. For metal artists, I would recommend looking elsewhere. I am going to look into getting an Ibanez Weeping Demon, or a Morley, or whatever it is Behringer is limping to the barn with these days.
"Oh its a crybaby", "I have a crybaby wah", "You suck because you don't own a crybaby"...I'm tired of hearing these statements from guitarists that are so fresh they couldn't even tell you how many strings their instrument has!  This wah pedal just doesn't cut it.  Maybe at one time, but not today, it hasn't been up to par in a LONG time.  As a young player I insisted on having a wah pedal.  My mom bought me this one.  I thought it was awesome until I learned better.  It took me about a week to learn how to turn it on and when I finally did I thought I broke it!The eq on this pedal isn't good, there is no smooth transition from heel to toe.  There is a big drop in the freq. that kills the effect.  You have to pump your foot really fast to avoid having that drop.  You have to pretty much push it toe foward and then literally stomp on it to turn it on and then follow the same steps to turn it off.  Very inconvenient for someone who is trying to rapidly move between effects on a board.  I can't say its just a complete piece of junk, it does give you a wah effect, it is a classic pedal but THERE IS BETTER out now so why are we still stuck in the stone age with this thing?  I even had someone mod mine and while it gave it a little more headroom and fixed the dropping issue, I still had to slam on it to turn it on/off and it still sounded like a cheap wah.My suggestion?  The Mark Tremonti wah is great!  Kicks this things end when it comes to range and simplicity to use!  It may cost more, but you will probably end up hating the crybaby and getting one anyway, so just go with the Tremonti Power Wah to begin with.  What I use for wah is the Digitech RP250 processor.  You may say that this is a cheap processor, and it is, but I've been using it for years and I haven't seen anyone that can tell the price of it based on the sound quality and thats what matters.  Why I suggest it for wah is you can control the sensitivity, how hard you have to press your toe down to turn it on (I have mine set fairly light) and you can totally shape your tone right there on the board very easily.  You even have presets (crybaby being one of them)  You can get an entire processor full of effects AND an awesome wah for a little bit more.If you want a cheap child's gimic-type toy, this is for you.  Want to get serious about a wah?  Spit on every crybaby you see and go elsewhere.
I've had my wah pedal for a number of years now. What I can say is that it has put up with a lot of use, no problem with the pedal itself, mechanically. However, the cheap rubber feet were the first victims of perhaps taking a few cheaper short cuts on producing the product. That is to say, the rubber feet began to come off in no time. If you mount it on a pedal board, you will probably remove those feet and this won't be a problem. Also, the power supply that comes with it does a stellar job of powering the pedal. If you are like me though and place it in a pedal board where a unified power source makes sense and must use a different power cable, at least on my unit, the jack is not fitting properly leading to some serious shorts. Those shorts can make a crowd deaf in no time flat. What I have learned is that when using a different power supply to be sure the power jack is push ALL THE WAY in, otherwaise, ZAP. Other than those two issues, the power issue really no fault of Dunlop's if you use the supplied power cable, its been a great pedal. A classic that will surely live on.
the orig, still the best! do you like guitar music? chances are good you know the sound this pedal makes. it is the one. my only stand alone outside a multi effects unit
The Cry Baby has proven itself since the 60's. It is a very well made pedal that is a must have, if you play any classic rock. It takes a bit of practice to master, but when you have mastered it; you can take your music to a different level.
Some things just don't need to change. Some Wah pedals try to tempt you with built in fuzz, eq, or other wacky add-ons but WHY? I'd rather have one pedal that does its job perfectly than a pedal that does a bunch of stuff but sounds less than great. The Crybaby is a great effect to have for any style; everyone from Jack White to Jimmy Hendrix have used some incarnation of this pedal. It's a must have and that's really all there is to say.
Best 12-string capo I have ever used--and that's over decades.  Works easily and flawlessly.  Very well made.  Five Stars
If you play 12 acoustic you gotta get this one.  Just a hair longer on the padded area which is what  you need.  You can tell them from the 6 string version by the ridges being much closer together on this one.
This capo does exactly what it should.  It clamps the strings tight to there is no buzz and it does not change the tune of the guitar when used.  I have 4 Kyser capos, one for each of my guitars and will never buy another brand.
This is for theKyser Banjo/Mandolin CapoThis is one of three capos I use for a ukulele.  It works, and is my second favorite.  I can park it on the headstock of my ukulele, and it is easy to add, move, remove. With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used. It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  I like how the trigger portion sticks upwards, and does not get in the way like myDunlop Trigger Banjo Capo, Black.  My favorite is still the G7th capo.  This is a close second to the G7th.My only nitpicky complaint is how it is not eligible for Amazon Prime.  UPDATE:  I just saw that this capo is eligible for Amazon Prime.  Free shipping for Prime members!!!For the price and quality, this Kyser capo works on a uke. Highly recommended.
Costs about 2x as much as some cheap capos, and it's worth every single penny.  THis has a strong clip, yet does not damage my concert or tenor ukulele necks.  It won;t budge once you clip it, and it's low profile.  Made of metal, it should last a lifetime.I took off one star only for one thing: the hand clip portion of this does sometimes get in the way of fretting because it sticks out from the neck quite a ways.  Some other capos, like this oneJim Dunlop 7828 Russell Banjo/Uke Capodoes not have anything that you can hit your hand on when fretting.  Sometimes I try the Kyser on the opposite side, away from me, the player.  But, it seems to still hit my hand on some chords, just different ones.  That said, I can work around it, and it's a lifelong capo of fantastic build and keeps those strings from buzzing at all on all my ukes. If one was to have large hands, as I do not, this interference may be even more of an issue to consider.C ya.  Happy strumming.  Mahalo.
A very strong capo..too strong for bigger instruments, but works good on ukes and mandolins and banjos with not too thick of a neck.  I have several of these capos, one for each instrument.
Bought this for my husbands Mandolin and he loves it, it works great, we swear by Kyser that's all we use on our guitars is Kyser capos, great product, no complaints and the price is worth it.
I use this capo all the time on both instruments. A friend of mine saw it and asked me to order them one also. I did and they love it!
It's a good banjo capo.  Inexpensive  and it works well without squeezing the strings out of tune. End of story
I've been using one of these Kyser's for a good while now. I only have one so it usually stays with the mandolin but works just as well for my banjo. If you never used one, it's makes it MUCH easier to change keys although I usually only use it when I'm playing chords, when I solo I like to play with open strings and this makes it a breeze to pop off and put back on. With a little practice you'll be able to do it quickly without having the strings buzz.
This is such a nice bag for the price.  Nicely padded with an ample zip compartment that can hold your snark, capo, or whatever.  There is a handle and a shoulder strap.  Plus, it is reallly a nice looking bag, black with a little white trim in front.
These are the best strap locks in my opinion, good quality, easy to install and remove, secure, and they look good.  All my guitars have these locks on them and I'm very satisfied.
So I bought these because being Dunlop, I trust the brand. I dont even mind that they are sorta big and bulky. The only problem I have is, they scare the piss out of me. Its not a "tighten washer and nut" situation with what ive normally seen on strap locks. These have pegs that insert. Its so hard for me to trust these, I always have 1 hand gripped firmly on guitar even if just adjusting the amp I clench my guitar. So scared that the little metal balls things will just slip, peg fall out and ruin a $500 guitar. I havnet had a single problem with this system yet, and I never hope that I do. But if it happens there will be an update to this. Good product so far, just wouldn't recommend it. There is too much crap in the world to be worried about, strap locks shouldnt be one of those things.
The screws are too long for my very thin bodied Gibson SG Classic.  I can not find shorter screws which fall into the pin so that the straplock will work either---the heads are all too large.I believe I used these on my Gibson Les Paul Custom years ago, and they worked perfectly.  Not on my newer SG though--at least with the new screws it comes with.Fender Start appears to take the system well--only time will tell.
I tried this model a few years ago, and I never had a problem with them (once I got it installed), but I went back to the Schallers I had on my other instruments.  I thought (and this has been mentioned by others) that it makes the strap stick too far out from the instrument, which I thought looked goofy.  I also didn't particularly care for the push button release, and getting the locking part on the end of my thick strap was a challenge; these have a C clamp, not a nut, so there's no allowance for differing thickness. I also felt safer with the Schallers, which hook onto the end of the guitar strap button and didn't depend on a spring loaded button to keep the parts together.  As I said, I had no real problems with them, so if they look like they'd work for you, great.  As with all replacement strap locks/buttons, you have to make sure the screws are secure in the button holes before you start jumping off of drum risers, dropped out of airplane, or what have you.
I had to actually follow the instructions and drill holes as specified, then it worked like a charm!  Glad I got them, much less hassle tuning up for a gig.
These strap locks were easy to install and use right off the bat. You may have to drill deeper holes into your guitar in order to use them. Just follow the instructions and you can easily attach and detach your strap whenever you feel like it.
I've tried a few different straplock options and these are the best. Not only do they securely hold the strap to the guitar they also look pretty good. Highly recommend.
Great product, I've use them before and have always thought they were top quality.  They aren't much larger than the originals that came with the guitar and that extra piece of mind is great!  Easy installation without any modification (at least on mine) and they connect/hold very solid.  Just make sure the buttons are all the way in or you could have mishap ;)
they work well. For me, the instalition wasn't that hard, it took me maybe four or five minutes. The screws provided were a bit bigger than my BC Rich Avenge Beast's stock strap system, BUT when you read the directions and lube the screws up with a small amount of bar soap (or wax- i used the bar soap though) the installation becomes easier.Once you put your strap in, its NOT comming out unless you try hard to undo the system, lol.If you need to clean your guitar strap, take off the locking pin and use a flat head screw drive to pop off the retainer clip. Its a quick and harmless way to do it and it may take about a minute or two to undo both strap locks. Its not that hard though and the reward is worth it.
Very easy to install, rock solid, and in my opinion, look much better than Schaller locks.Grab a set, you wont be disappointed.
I have two sets of these for my straps.  The push button action is most convenient vs. fighting stubborn leather openings, especially if new.  The gold finish matches my instrument's hardware and they are sturdy and durable.  Works for me!
these dunlop straploks are amazing! never had them fail on me, and always gave me a good piece of mind knowing that my guitar is safe from hitting the floor on stage or at home, they stay secure when done properly, I've looked at other strap locks and tried some others but the dunlop ones just seem to work, and work well.
Very high quality they look as nice as my Fender originals .  Make sure to take your time installing them correctly and consider using a quality wood glue / adhesive during installation.  You want to make sure they can be removed at a later date without damaging the guitar .
i've had these straplocks for a few years now and they haven't failed me once! i love them, and i never have to worry about my guitars getting damaged from a strap falling off or so. they rotate in full circles, and are super durable. you should buy them for all your guitars, and you'll never have to worry again. they are also very easy to use, and &#34;install&#34;.
What's great about the Dunlop design:They work!  The only thing you need to do is ensure you've got them engaged properly at the time you attach your strap onto your guitar i.e. just make sure you established a solid connection then go ahead and gig your rear-end off without worry.The design encorporates bearings that allow the strap to freely move around/rotate on the post, which is exactly what you want.  The schaller ones (see below) have a major flaw in them from my family's experience.  We will never run anything other than this design going forward.What doesn't work with the Schaller Design:Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist have been using Shaller-style locks for a while now.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend. The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
I have never owned a Straplock system prior to owning these Dunlops, and boy am I amazed!  Every straplock system I've used in the past, on friends' guitars, semi-permanently mounted the strap to the guitar - often with extra ties and all manner of things that made it impractical to detach the strap on a whim.  In contrast, these locks have a mechanism that make it trivially easy to pop the strap on and off - it's great!  Better still, the hardware fit almost perfectly into my existing screw holes, making installation trivial.  And the new posts are so close in size and shape to the old ones that I think I could slap any strap onto my guitar in a pinch, using the posts like the OEM ones.  This is a great system, and I would highly recommend it for anyone who uses a strap on any electric guitar.
These came stock on my Jackson Kelly KEXMG. All the other guitars I own have Schaller buttons on them and I have one main strap I use for all of the guitars. I figured since the guitar came with them I would try them out. Not twenty min later I was removing them and putting Schaller buttons in their place. Here the 3 major reasons I did not like them over Schaller:1- Bulky. They stick out too far and on any guitar with a strap button on the back it jabs you in the stomach or below!2- Problems engaging. I would push them into the receiver and they pop back out. It wasn't until I forced them in while pushing the button that they went in a stayed in. Schallers click in and you know they are ready to go.3- Cheap. They just feel cheap. Thin metal is used in comparison to the Schallers; which have a very heavy and solid feel to them.For a few bucks more I'll stick with Schaller's. I have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail.
Sorry, I don't like these as they're just too big. They stand out too much. They do work and they're effective but they are too pronounced. There are many good alternatives; strap gaskets, strap locks, undoing the pin and putting it straight into the guitar strap.  Again, they work, but they're not aesthetic nor elegant. I also got a gold set for my bass and now it looks like I should be wearing big purple platforms when I play. Not cool.
I like these straplocks, but they were a little tight to get on a Levy's strap.  I did manage to get it on.  However, I found it was easier just to buy a strap for each guitar.
Quick snap on and off. Sturdy.  If it is not convenient, it won't be used.  In this case, it is very convenient and easy to use, hence, your prized guitar will not drop to the floor by accident.  Well worth the money spent!
The Dunlop Dual Design Straplock System is a sturdy, fairly easy-to-assemble and easy-to-install alternative to guitar straps slipping off of instruments.  The screws that are used to attach the Straplok to the guitar are heavy gauge and pretty large--there's little chance that these are going to come out.  The locking mechanism seems like it is secure and should require little maintenance.  The only disadvantage of the Dunlop system to Schaller's system is that the the Dunlop sticks out measurably farther from the guitar's body.  Ordinarily, it seems like this should be only the most minor of inconveniences.  On an instrument such as a Hofner "violin" bass, though, or any guitar with a strap button on the back of the instrument, this makes it difficult to hold the body of the instrument against your body for support.  Schaller's strap locks might look a little more elegant to some players.  The Dunlop Straplok System is sturdy, should provide a long life of service, and can be found at a better price than several of its competitors.  Recommended for most guitar body styles
Installed on two guitars and I love them! I can switch out many different guitar straps without worrying that they will fall off. Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
I've been using these straplocks for over 10 years now and never had a guitar or bass break free on me either live or in the studio...they simply work and cost next to nothing to boot. Folks, this is the best insurance you can buy for protecting you precious instrument from popping off of you strap, even if you do some serious gymnastics on stage it's not going anywhere. This is a must have, just buy it!
I'm in love with the dual design system! It works extremely well and allows me to switch between straps easily and quickly. There is one downside to this system, as the strap that is used will be fairly far away from the guitar itself. Which might not be a bad thing considering wear and tear on the guitar from the strap. There was one hiccup while putting this together for the first time. One component, which was this thin but big washer was pretty hard to install and the directions weren't much help either. The directions did have it on there where it is supposed to go, but I didn't know the name of the piece nor could I readily find it in there. After that, I installed this into my new guitar and strap and, I was ready to go. I HIGHLY recommend this! It is much easily to switch out straps w/o the possibility of striping the screws or boring into the screw hole and cracking some of the wood in the process.
I have used Dunlop Straplocks for 32 years. I bought the original style years ago for my Strat, Les Paul and Partscaster; the last two having the most weight.These things have lasted through gigging and anything else i can throw at them with no problem. I ordered strap pins only a few months ago to put on a few more recent guitars and one of the push button locks finally went out. It was on the strap I used the most for the heavier guitars so I got some mileage out of that thing. I ordered a whole set of new ones here last month and put the locks on a new strap and the buttons on another guitar.I suggest these over the other brands - watch what touring bands use. These things lay flat and there are no protruding parts to catch. If you happen to be without a strap with locks on it, these new pins can be used like regular pins but are larger so a strap will be pretty much secure.The price is good, price them anywhere else and include shipping. I always buy strings, picks or other stuff to get free shipping.
I always purchase Grovers for my guitar straps but my 2014 Gibson Les Paul Standard Plus had a bigger strap knob so I bought this Dunlop and it fit the guitar perfectly. A good guitar is a big investment and you owe it to yourself to protect your investment with a good strap locking system.
These are good if you have a few of guitars and got a favorite strap.  Buy alot of extra buttons i got allparts.  seems really sturdy and well made.
These guys are rock-solid and really easy to install. Any time I get a new instrument I change the stock buttons out for Dunlops!
they work. its great not worrying about dropping your instrument on stage. ive done it  it sucked! worth every penny!
Have them on four guitars. Never a malfunction. Easy installation and use. Watch out for bridge interference when screwing in the back lok. Might require a slightly shorter screw on some basses.
Work very well, nice low profile, easy push button on and off but, it is true, not good for thick straps. And the Gold Tone ones discolor easy with minimal use.
These work just like you want them to.  But a new strap and put these on right away.  It's worth it.
i have purchased 5 of these strap locks. i would recommend them to all. they work good. very solid hold. thanks
Again I feel line I work for Dunlop.....I don't just love the products .all my guitars and Basses have these locks
Do as the manual says, lube them up every so often, and these will work like a charm. I got these after an unfortunate incident with my strap slipping off of the strap button, and taking a chip out of the binding. The black ones work well with most finishes, and it works with most straps, as long as the ends aren't ridiculously thick. Inside of the box, it came with 2 screw sizes. One thing to note however is that these make the strap protrude much farther out of the guitar than normal. No biggie however, as most straps are adjustable, so just adjust for the change in strap position, and you're golden!
I hate spending 13 bucks on a couple little pieces of hardware that probably cost 13 cents to make, but its better than the 20 bucks local music shops want for this same set.  Overall they work really well and look sharp.  They fit perfectly on my Schecter Hellraiser.  Very happy with my purchase.
I play guitar and keyboard and, sometimes, I need to quickly put guitar on my back to play keyboards. I would not do that without this straplok.
The first thing I do when I get a new instrument, is put a straplok on it before gigging with it.They're easy to install, I haven't had one fail on me yet.I have straploks on nine instruments right now, and I just ordered another for my new bass...I can't recommend them highly enough!
I&#8217;ve used strap locks before and never found any to be easy to attach or remove but these are well made and easy to use. Very secure. The best I&#8217;ve used so far.
I don't know if this is a common problem, but i have these on both of my basses, and one of the arms that attaches to the actual body of the instrument is starting to show some sort of blemishing, like metal does before it rusts, it is literally only one of the arms out of 4 i have so i think it was just a random thing. The problem is that it makes it so my strap doesn't just spin free in it so the screw keeps getting loose, and one time (the first time) i didn't notice and it actually fell out. Notice i still like the product, this was just one of those things i think, so I would still recommend it.
.I BOUGHT A UKULELE  TO GIVE AS A PRESENT.  I KNEW THE STRINGS THAT COME EQUIPPED  ON NEW MUSICAL STRINGED INSTRUMENTS WOULD BE OF POOR QUALITY SO I PURCHASED THESE MARTIN STRINGS AS A REPLACEMENT.  I'VE USED MARTIN INSTRUMENTS FOR MANY YEARS, AM FOND OF THE MAKE AND QUALITY OF THE MARTIN PRODUCTS.  THIS WAS AN EASY CHOICE FOR ME. THERE ARE OTHER EXCELLENT STRINGS AVAILABLE.  THIS JUST WAS MY CHOICE THIS TIME.
I've been playing the uke since before they became popular again and must confess I own a quiver full of the addictive things (ranging from plywood beaters to a solid wood art object with an electric in between). Over the years, I've tried several different brands of string. The truth is there was nothing wrong with any of them. It's just that the Martin M600 strings seem a little bit more compliant than the others and this allows me to tease out a bit more articulation and tone. Given that string changing is a frequent occurrence with multiple instruments to fuel, the Martin string set's relatively low cost is a nice bonus.
Great replacement string  for your ukulele, great to have on hand in case or replace your strings after you get your uku.
great easily setup but some time i feel its not perfectly stop the P's, i don't know why but some time i have to keep distance for that issue
Don't even hesitate buying this thing. It's everything you need. It's a pop filter. It clamps on to anything that isn't over about an inch and a half in thickness.It gets the job done. Buy it.
For the price, this is the perfect pop filter... really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile...
When I bought these I was looking for pop filters to use with a pair of condenser microphones to help keep the wind pops from ruining a recording.  Once these are in position they work just fine, the problem is that getting them into position can be harder than it looks.  The device clamps onto a microphone stand and then you adjust the goose neck to get the filter where you need it.  The filter and the goose neck are fairly heavy and as such it was often a struggle to get the filter where I wanted it and to keep it there.On the plus side, the device looks nice and professional and it has held up over three years of use.
Pop filter works great. This really eliminated many subtle flaws I had with audio recording. Granted, you can make a make-shift pop filter using a hollow ring and nylon. But the adjustable clamp is really...well adjustable so fits many unique mic placement situations. Plus, although it is flexible, it is also very sturdy so don't worry about and vibration noises coming from this.
filter works very well and looks professional. only problem i am having is that the clamp seems to work specifically with a mic stand or similar type structure.
the thing is that they don't seem to stay! i mean, you can change the position of the pop filter by varying the shape of the metallic &#34;arm&#34;, but it doesn't stay where you put it. and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality. but, i think if you're lucky if just might get the job done.
this little guy has help me record with my Apogee One voices and amps, to prevent air-flow shock on diaphragm... wanna have excellent recordings? get one!
wind screen is way too big its bulky and to me useless, the screen came out, was thinking of glueing it back in but went to ebay and bought 2 metal mesh pop filters cheaper that is MUCH better...avoid this!!
Wow the reviews for this thing are a little ridiculous eh? Some people pay for silver and expect gold ;)Okay, so I bought this because I do app review videos for a blog and my Blue Snowball mic was picking up the awful "pop" sounds that this is supposed to filter "hard P, hard T, hard B, S, and a few others." So I got this. Here are my pros and cons:Pros1. It works. I tested in Sony Vegas pro with and without the filter. The "pop" sound is completely removed with the filter. Which means it does what it was designed to do. 5-stars. It does not affect voice volume at all, just smooths those rough edges in your speech :D2. It looks nice. Attached to my Blue Snowball, it looks like a professional product. It doesn't really matter since I work from home and not in a public place, but it's nice to know I can show it to people and it "looks nice"3. The clamp, bendable arm, and everything work appropriately. The clamp is designed to hold onto a bar and not a flat surface. So mounting this to, say, a desk probably won't be a stable as attached to a round thing, like the stem to a mic.4. I don't know why people think this "isn't sturdy"...I mean you're not going to the local rink and playing hockey with the darn thing. The build quality is quite excellent considering that it's 2 fragile screens attached to plastic and metal.Cons1. It's pretty big. I used to shorten the stem on my Blue Snowball and stash it in a cubby hole in my hutch desk for easy storage. I can't do that anymore with this pop filter on it. Now it's become a permanent member of the front of my desk.Outside of this thing doubling the space my Snowball takes up, I have no complaints about this pop filter. It works well, it attaches nicely, it does what it is supposed to do, it looks nice, and the quality is good. This should be the last pop filter I have to buy for a long time.
Filter is of good size (6") and easily comes apart for changing the fabric (I will probably use panty hose) if it gets torn. Other than that it works so what more can be said
What my headline says. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Removes those annoying popping P's out of your recordings. Until you can afford a Sennheiser condenser microphone that has a built in pop filter than you're going to need this. And the price was right too.
it keeps the spit off the mic and looks cool when recording - it does great at keeping you mouth off the mic so you dont breath it out and fits great on the stands with easy clamp
This is a decent pop filter. It gets the job done but it has a few flaws. It attracts a good amount of dust, the screen tends to mess up (which caused me to tear the first screen), & the goose neck tends to unwrap it's self out of place. It also gets shakey so I tend to have to screw it back in. Other than that, it's a decent pop filter but not for the price. Under $10 would've been better. I should have went with something cheaper than $20 *cough cough* the Auphonix pop filter *cough cough* but, I will in the future.
I read several reviews of pop filters on Amazon and was surprised by how dissatisfied many were.  Finally I just went with this one and I'm pretty happy with it.  It seems quite servicable.  It is a double filter and attaches to my stand well enough.  The arm is just a little weak butit does stay put if you just don't bump it.  I guess there is a balance between stiffness and ease of possitioning it.  I think possitioning it would be a little easier if the arm was just a little stiffer.I can blow on it directly (not quite as hard as blowing out a cake full of candles) and I feel nothing on the other side and hear no wind rumble in my mic.So then, I'm gonna keep it and use it 'till it rots or gets lost.
works very well, keeps the popping to a bare minimum, easy to install, cleans in a flash, lightweight and works
I do a lot of podcasts and dubbing over videos, and after using this filter, the pop that occurs with P's and B's in the voice are basically gone. It makes your audio more professional when you eliminate these annoyances.
This pop-filter rocks. I like it a lot, does well compared to lots of other filters I tried. It's got a nice look too.
Use this for home recordings and some voice over recordings for work. I like the long neck on it and its a double filter so you get a tad bit extra. I tested it against my single filter and it did make a difference, as expected. It makes sense that if you have an additional layer there it will filter more effectively, but I wasnt sure if it would effect tone or highs, and I didnt notice either effected.
This was a great investment for my home studio. I've been able to eliminate the majority of pops coming from my Condenser Microphone. I should of bought this a long time ago!!
Tested this on my Blue Yeti USB Microphone and could tell the difference with the POP filter on right away. Good investment.
There too many required words to type for a product that doesn't need that much explanation.  It mounts to any mic stand and is formable to any position you need.  sturdy.
A needed accessory for any vocal recording, period. My only gripe about this model is why the straight bracket part needs to stick out so dang far, since you can bend the arm out in any position anyway.
Good solid construction. It hooks onto the mic stand and works as advertised, i.e removes the pops from vocal recordings.
Very sturdy and awesome pop filter. Adjustable to any length you want and just a great pop filter! I would recommend this to anyone!
This filter arrived very quickly! I use it with a Scarlett mic and it does exactly what a pop filter should. Good purchase.
These are high quality cables, both construction wise and in audio quality.  I use these shorter cables if I have to run bits of my rack to external amps/units, ie: unplugging and plugging in a lot, and I find these cables stand up to more abuse than the average cable.  I'm satisfied.
Good Quality cable and price. Works as good as those expensive 99 dlls cables.It does not make any noise
Sometimes I have to run a longer cable to a snake if I'm doing the big band thing. Otherwise, I use this cable at every show. Love it.
got this short cord to go from amp to waa! It works perfect for it I own a few Spectraflex cables and they are all fine
Rugged ends very flexible seem like this cable should hold up very well , does not tangle which is a real plus if you tend to move around a lot , connectors seem to be heavy duty , time will tell but I would assume that this cable should last a long time .
After suffering through crackles, lost signals, and all the rest, I decided to heed the numerous positive reviews of the Spectraflex tweed cable and purchase one through Amazon.com.  Because the new acoustic-electric classical I received as a gift has an end-pin outlet, I bought the Spectraflex with the right angle connector.  Although I have been using the cable for only a few weeks, I am very impressed.  The connections on all the guitars and basses on which I've used it are sure, with no loss of signal, no crackles.  Perhaps most impressive is the fact that I can turn the right angle connector around and never have any change of signal.  Finally, I can be confident that when I play, something will consistently come out of the amplifier.  By the way, the old-school tweed look is a plus, too.
I keep this cable on my pedal board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. I've posted a photo on the pedaltrain Mini page. The right angle connector is great to exit the last pedal on the board and the straight connector goes into the amp. I use a Mogami silent cable -Mogami Platinum Guitar 12, Straight to Straight with Quiet Plug 12 feet- for the input to my guitar, but I can't justify paying a LOT more money for the side that goes to my amp (it's not getting bumped around, plugged and unplugged, etc.). This cable works perfect for it's purpose. Oh yeah... and it matches my tweed amp!!
I bought two to run from my amp to a lone pedal effect that I use with my bass.  The 90 degree ends go to the pedal and it makes for a non-intrusive smart looking setup.  I'm pleased.  I've owned them for a few months now.  No issues at all and they look good.
This has become my number one cable for my Carvin bass. I gig with it a couple times per week and it has been rock solid. I only use something different if I need a longer reach. And I love the tweed cover. Very satisfied with this one.
I've had this little amplifier for a few weeks and I couldn't ask for a better practice amp. It's amazing how loud it gets in an otherwise quiet room, but it'll get drowned out pretty quickly when you add competing sounds. It's rugged and portable, and it's fun to play around with some of the effects. The fact that it runs on batteries is a huge plus.
It is a fun little practice amp, and I agree with the praise it gets. The positives have been covered so I'll point out a few (minor) things I don't like.First of all the power button is on the back, which is annoying. The rest of the controls are on top, why do I have to grope around the back to find the most important button. Plus I keep it in a cabinet so I have to pull it out to turn it on and off.Next! I wish they'd just name the settings &#34;clean&#34;, &#34;overdrive&#34;, &#34;distortion&#34;, and so on. JC Clean, Black Panel, Brit combo and R-Fier mean nothing to me.Then there's another minor annoyance that the input is recessed. A 90 degree angle plug won't fit unless you run it around the back.Lastly, the amp is solid and rugged but that means it's heavy. Not heavy like I can't pick it up, just heavy for something called a micro amp.None of these are deal breakers, just things I find annoying. Overall I have to say I prefer my VOX mini 3.
The MicroCube came with new AC Adaptor that supports 110V and 240V. Now I can take it along and use it in Europe/ Asia and USA.I saved $30 from buying another AC adapter that supports 240V.Happy Customer!
A good solid piece of equipment! It sounds as good as it looks and it is absolutely beautiful! The description listed slight wear marks on the back, but I had to really look hard to find it (one). It came as well packed as a brand-new guitar and looks like one!
Tone control didn't work so it was returned.  But it was pretty nice even though I felt the fret-board quality is higher on my 900 Gibson Les Paul but what can you expect.  If I had to order it again I would pay 140 more and get the SG 400 which has the quality pickups.  The sound is let's say... average.  Good beginner guitar, or a guitar that can be upgraded with new pickups.  The bolt-in neck didn't bother me but the SG 400 doesn't have that which is another reason I would step up next time.  Shape is ok.  Purely subjective.  I like the solid Les Paul shape now a little better since it's more conservative.  But the size is good and almost more comfortable than the Les Paul style.  Can't believe they can make a good guitar like this for only 160 bucks.  Also, even though I was tempted with the faded finish, the glossy finish is really nice.  This guitar will make a player proud.
For the money you can't find a better deal.  I am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along.  This is a great playing guitar for the money, comes packaged extremely well and high quality all around for the price.
At first it look small for my guitar but it fits perfectly with my Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul Electric Guitar
Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected.
Basically, this case is very sharp looking - made with good quality materials. The inside of the one I received was grey fur. The case would probably take a beating over time, but its not a SKB case. Nice enough that I wouldn't check it at the airport. Survived a trip in a moving van from Philly to Boston.Would definitely recommended if you need a case that your Les Paul fits very snugly and safely into.
Its a tight fitting case. I am a proud owner of aEpiphone Les Paul Custom Proand it fits as snug as can be. When I ordered the case I assumed it would be made for my guitar. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. I am sure I received a new case. Being perfectly  protected as it was, it hadn't a mark on it so.As far as the construction, it not a flight case by any means. It looks as though it will hold up to at least some abuse and still do its job, to protect the guitar. My guitar does not move in the case due to its perfect fit. With this said, over time there is a possibility of wear. I would predict the buckles may be the first to fail. And then handle doesn't look as durable as it could be , we'll see on that.Overall this is the case for the Epiphone Les Paul. I saw the Gibson case and I just don't see them as superior enough to justify paying more. I am satisfied with my purchase and I think most people would be. Five stars for now. I will edit in the future if necessary.
Hello, I bought a Epiphone Goth Studio guitar and I also bought this beauty. I'm very satisfied with the quality of this case, as it makes my guitar looks very nice and very nice protected.
The case is hard on the outside and soft on the inside as it should be. The pocket inside is nice for holding accessories. It does include a lock on the middle latch, but somehow mine eventually stopped working, as the lock isn't very good quality. The lock cylinder itself fell inside the lock and can no longer be used. Otherwise great case, highly recommended.
I use this for my Epiphone Zakk Wylde Custom Les Paul. It fits perfectly in the case, one of the best cases I own and have seen, the carpet is awesome, also has a pocket in the middle, what holds the neck up, and can fit a strap and even a pedal. Very durable case and seems like the younger brother of the more expensive Gibson case.
An affordable guitar case that fits my guitar perfectly. That's all there really is to say, if you need a sturdy guitar case  for a Les Paul styled guitar and don't want to spend a butt-load of money, look no further.
I bought the bigger version of this for my Riviera P93 and this case is just as plush and protective- best deal going for a brand new case - I just wish they had these for more brands-
I'm not much for brand names on my guitar cases. I figure it tells would-be thieves what they're getting!  I sprayed a little matte-black paint over the Epiphone logo. The case itself is quite sturdy and the inside is very plush. It fits my Line 6 JTV Variax in a very cozy way. Great case for small cash!
If you're looking for something to protect your guitar until you can afford a good hard case, this is it. For the price, it has better padding than I expected and is equipped with carrying handles and a shoulder strap with metal buckles and snaps. Good deal for the price!
As the title states, this is a lightly padded duffle bag, nothing more. If you're toating between practice with an instructor, it's okay. I purchased it for that reason...and I'm an adult, so I can be careful. This bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage. I would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag. It will prevent my guitar from scuffs, dings, dent & dirt, but that's it.There are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason I gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price.
This bag is light, with two back pack straps, a pocket for accessories, excellent quality material and a good quality zipper.  If you just need something lightweight to protect your instrument this is it.
This bag fits my Epiphone Les Paul II electric guitar very well...but no room to spare.  The outside pocket is too small for sheet music, but works for small things like a tuner and short cable.  I prefer a bigger pocket, but aside from that I can't complain.  This gig bag looks really sharp, and has two shoulder straps for convenient carrying.
Good quality bag for my Epi LP. Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories.
This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. Their is minimal padding, so it is little more than a dust cover. I tossed it aside, and bought a Fender gigbag. The Fender is heavily padded, and gives me some serious protection.
Rugged, robust, flexible. Couldn't ask for more in a momentary switch. Like all Boss products it will probably last longer than me.
I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well.  I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with...
nuff said.works great.latest purchace is used as a trigger on my drum machineused the CODA kick pedaltrigger a boss sound moduleplay it all the timealso use one on my Vocalist.  and eff mute.  and chan change.like the option of NC or NO.  saved my gig just tonight when one of my Midi controllers lost it mind an needed NO instead of normal NC.
This is NOT my first guitar. Nor am I breathless Epiphone supporter shouting how this guitar is the sonic equal of Taylors and Martins. It's not. Here's what it is: An exceedingly well-constucted, AMAZINGLY playable guitar. Fit, finish, feel and action were all VERY nice... Sound on the other hand? Let's face it. It's plywood all around. It SOUNDS like plywood. But that doesn't distract from the fact that it's a great guitar for $100 bucks.It's a fine &#34;first&#34; guitar. It's a great beach/camping/cabin guitar. Leave it in your car to practice at lunch. Leave it in the office. ANY guitar is better than no guitar... And this guitar is better than a LOT of other entry level guitars.Seriously consider changing strings the second you take it out of the box... New, premium strings DO make a difference.If your expectations are for a playable, rugged, affordable guitar you won't be disappointed. If sound quality is your primary concern, well... You are going to have to spend more than a hundred bucks to be happy.For my desired application, this guitar was great... I'm very happy with it and would buy it again in a heartbeat.
It is my son's first guitar and he is learning on it well.  It is still in great condition. good quality Guitar!
Well constructed with quality woods, saddle/nut and bracing. Neck and frets are straight, level and do not snag. This guitar rings like a bell, stays in tune and is light weight. Do not let the low price fool you but do not expect the guitar to come set up to your tastes. Any guitar that you buy will need to be adjusted to your style of play. The strings may be too high or too light or whatever, just be ready to do a tiny bit of work to get it like you want it then it will serve you well. Do not buy a Luna, Davidson, Main Street, or any other 'no name' - get this one.
I normally use nylon picks but do some songs with flatpicking intros and the nylons were to flappy. These picks keep a nice bright tone, very little friction on the strings - so low string noise. Enough grip to stay put in hands well too.
I've been buying Dunlop pick for at least 15 years now, and I love the feel and the grip. The picks last for a really long time, and I would recommend getting several thickness' for different applications. But for sitting in a room playing around, with my acoustics and electric guitars this is a decent all round pick
I tried this but ended up going back to Tortex.  I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  The Ultex has a little brighter attack though and wears out less quickly.  Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid.
Sounds great. I own 5 different gauges. I like the gripping surface. .90 is my favorite gauge and the rounded tip is super fast.
Guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  Especially on acoustic.  These are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  They have a long life and do brighten your tone.  Freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape.
We all have different tastes in guitar picks, I know,  As I wrote elsewhere, the Dunlop Tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion.  These Ultex are much better.  Not as noisy, better feel.  Still not my favorites.  I'll have them with me for spares.
I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.Dunlop Ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.Buy em!!!!
Didn't think I'd be compelled to review something like a guitar pick, but the Dunlop Ultex has really impressed me thus far.  I use the .60 thickness, which is equivalent to the orange plastic Dunlop pick.  The orange pick is my favorite for acoustic and most electric playing, but they do wear down and fray on the edges, and have a little more friction that I'd like.This Ultex seems very resistant to wear and has surprisingly little drag over the string.  I find the matte finish very easy to grip and hold.  It gives just enough to use for smooth strumming, while being rigid enough for individual notes.Some reviewers have noted that they crack after some use.  If that turns out to be a problem, I might reconsider my review.  But out of the box, they perform as well as any pick I have used!
Grabbed these on impulse as I needed some new ones. Normally I used the old Fender Medium or Heavy picks, but I gotta say these are great. Stiff but flexible enough to maneuver plus they glide nicely. Not sure what could be said to prove it, but they just feel great.
I've used the Tortex picks for a while now, and have been really happy with them. This pick however, takes it to the next level. Very strong and great bite for a relatively thin pick. I use the .73 for acoustic and the same holds true. Great product.
Ive been using this polish since the early 80's. It doesn't smell the way some do and works fantastic on all of my guitars. Wonderful polish and has not hurt my guitars. What has hurt my guitars is me dropping them or sweating all over them, but this polish? No way. Martin knows what they're doing. I use it on my expensive nitrocellulose finishes.
I like the fact that it can be &#34;partially&#34; installed with the cord coming out of the sound hole or it can be easily installed on a more permanent basis by cutting the cord to length and running it inside the guitar body through the end pin hole (which will have to be enlarged a bit).  Either way, once plugged in, it sounds great.  This pickup maintains the great acoustic sound of my guitar, a Blueridge BR-160.  I installed some Fishman &#34;under the saddle&#34; pickups in a few Martin guitars and this pickup sounds just as good, if not better.  If you don't mind the pickup visible in the sound hole, this is the way to go.  Another nice thing about it is the ease of changing out the batteries as compared to the undersaddle type pickups where the batteries are attached to the inside body of the guitar.
Great pickup, combined with the Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. you will have an excellent experience.  Even the pick up by itself into a quality amp will make you happy.
What can I say? These are probably the most well-known pads available and probably the best. This was the best price I could find on Amazon and they arrived as described via very prompt shipping.
Ok, so I just installed these things for my KRK 6's (no stands...just sitting on two other speakers).  What can I say?  The bass, which previously had disappeared in my studio, is now present again!  My monitors sounded kinda thin before because I was losing so much energy to my desk, but these things have made a ton of difference!  My stereo image even feels wider now!Sure, they're a little pricy, but hey...THEY WORK!  If that's what they want to charge for them, and people continue to buy them, I'm cool with that!  I'm happy with the reults my $40 got me!5/5!
These really do work great. No more desk vibrations and the sound out of my monitors are very clear now. I do only wish i could of found these in a smaller size since they are way bigger then my 5" monitors. If anyone knows where to get smaller ones let me know. Thanks!
These are laser cut pads for your studio monitors. I feel more vibration from a hard drive spinning on my desktop than the sounds coming out of my speakers. And they look professional too.
Just what I needed for my Home Studio Monitors that sit on the table next to my Computer and my DAW system, was surprised at how many different versions I was sent, they all work well thanks heaps......
The reviewer who wrote that that these are "cheap foam" worth $5.00, doesn't understand or appreciate the quality of these speaker isolators. A/B these with some $5.00 cheap foam and you will realize how good these Auralex isolators work. I am using a pair of Behringer Truth active speakers that weigh 33 pounds each. These isolators not only support them very well but solved a big problem I had. It seems my speakers were "audio coupling" with the console they were placed on making the console vibrate with the spaekers and muddy up the lower fequencies.My problem started when I noticed that my mixes sounded good on other systems except for the bass frequencies around 80-125 HZ. Apparently my Behringer speakers were not accurately reproducing that fequency range and I was EQing that range badly to compensate. I didn't hear it when I mixed my Hafler M-1 speakers. I was about to give up on the Behringer Truth speakers but I really thought that they sounded excellent on every other frequency and are very detailed in every other range. The Behringers also had all the power I needed (active speakers) and can be played really loud in my studio without any distortion. Except for what I can only describe as a muddy or not clearly detailed low end, I love these speakers. Fortunately I was at a friends studio (a great pro studio) and I saw that he was using the Auralex Isolators under his speakers. He said he loved them. I bought them and placed them under my speakers and remixed a project I had been working on. WOW!! What a difference. It was an immediate difference. The bass is now nicely detailed and that muddy tone is no longer there. I had to reajust the EQ on the lower frequencies (cut them back to almost flat)on the new mix. I immediately bought a 2nd set for my small Hafler speakers. Why take a chance that they were also not reproducing accurately. These isolators are a great product and problem solver that saved me from buying new speakers and discovering that I still had the same problem. "Cheap foam"?? I don't think so.
Some will argue that these are not necessary for your monitors, however as somebody who has worked in music for more than half their life, I can assure you that, whereas they're not life or death, they do make a significant improvement on the listening process, especially in your project studio. No, they're not going to make your music sound any better, but they will give you a more detailed and accurate bass response when your monitoring. Even cooler is the fact that the pads come with 2 extra pieces of padding that will essentially let you customize the position of the monitors in that you can angle them up or down ever-so-slightly. Lastly, although my monitors fit perfectly on the pads, I can't help but to think that if my monitors were any larger, I would need a second pair, especially if they were positioned horizontally. All and all, overpriced or not; they really make a world of difference.
These strings are very bright and full.  They sound great for a couple of weeks and then get a bit dead.  I haven't had any problems with breakage, just a loss of tone over time (seems faster than some other strings I've tried).
As a guitarist who's had the opportunity to work at Guitar Center (back in 1999), trying each type of string on the market was a fairly inexpensive and easy task.  While I'll chose D'Addario EXL's for electric, Martin SP are my top choice for acoustic.  The sound and reliability are unmatched for the money.  They also have a neat bronze shimmer to them...  Granted that's only aesthetic.
Ive been trying different strings for years!!!  Ive been stuck on elixirs for some time now and wanted a change.  These are very bright and clean!!!!  very playable!!!
Martin makes a variety of good sounding strings, and these are toward the light end.  The sound is bright, but lacks a fullness found with some of the heavier strings such asMartin MSP4150 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light-Medium.The custom light are easier to play and have a bright tone to them, but can make a guitar sound like a cheaper model compared to the Light-Medium. Some disadvantages to the thinner strings are that they can limit your dynamics. If you strum harder, they are more stretchy and the tuning will be less consistent, changing the tone for the same reason a "bend" would. If you play at a fairly consistent sound level you can expect more of a bright sound than a resonant one.On the other hand, compared to some other brands with more of a dampened sound, the brightness can make an instrument sound quite good.Depending on your style, these might be a good choice. If you are used to playing a solid body electric with a lighter feel to the strings that make medium strings uncomfortable, these might seem more at home.  If you are used to Martin medium strings, but want something that you can play for a few extra hours a day without feeling as if you are overdoing things, you might like these too, but when you pick up a guitar with the Martin Medium strings, you may find that even a cheaper guitar sounds better in comparison to these on a more upscale one.I wouldn't say I dislike these, and I wouldn't quite say that those who gave it five stars oversold them, because they may deserve five stars for your particular needs. But as an all around choice, there are better sounding ones from Martin. But it's a moot point if you don't feel comfortable playing them. Make sure to read a variety of reviews before deciding because there are other equally valid viewpoints just as each player is unique.
I bought these to put on my really old Martin acoustic. The guitar still sounds amazing, and these strings certainly fit my budget, and provide a great sound.
These are one of the best strings I've used. I'm a blues guitarist so they take a beating well. Very much worth the cost and I thank Amazon for having them!
These are good strings, for a good price.  I have purchased these strings several times and they sound good and last a long time.
I bought these a while ago but just got around to using them last week. I don't ever remember the non wound strings being bronze but these are. To me it looks weird but they sound so much better than my ancient strings that were on there.
Brand name, good string, good tone, seem to last awhile but I change strings often so never really know how long a set will last.
I used to use Elixir Nano string, and a good as they sound, they do not last. These do. great sounding strings.
I've used these strings on all my acoustics and even gave some to a band mate.  They seem to keep their tone for a long time and don't change the instrument tone like some strings I've tried.  Like a lot of folks, I'm not that picky about my strings, but for those who are, this is a good light string that will sound great on your acoustic.
These strings are great sounding, and great looking on the fretboard, because they are bronze. One issue I had, was the 5th and 6th strings were too big to route more than once through the tuning head, but it still wound up very nicely. I would actually say that you might want to get the Extra Light gauge, but it's probably just my tuning machines, they kind of suck.
These are the best acoustic money can buy in my opinion. They play extremely well and last a Long time. There's nothing better than these strings.
I have a 1993 Taylor which is in mint condition. I always use Martin on any acoustic. I bought the Taylor about 6 months ago and have found that the Medium Martin Strings are best for this particular guitar ... every acoustic is different though.
Fast shipping, great price and most of all great stings, very satisfied would buy these strings again and would recommend to a friend.
These were purchased for my sons guitar. He loves them. I plan on buying him another set of them for Christmas.
I really like the mediums.  They are able to play the biggest variety of styles without being to heavy or not durable enough.
The Martin MSP4200 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Medium  are very good strings that are just below strings like Elixer's except they are much much less expensive.
They sent me the 1mm (Blue) by mistake but it turns out I prefer that size after testing it out.  Fast shipping.  I play bass rock/metal
arrived on time..packaged well. happy with purchase...they are your regular picks..will order again if needed. happy with purchase. hope you enjoy em...
I have tried few picks, textured, mallow color, and this bright green.  I like it bright color that is very easy to found, and 0.88mm seems right for me to strumming on an acoustic guitar.
I've used everything you can think of in the way of picks and the Tortex are one of my favorites. I have at least 100 of them in various thickness' and these and the Claytons, are all I need. The Claytons are great too, but there are times that I want a different thichness and with the Tortex and Claytons you can find the perfect pick for anything you want to play. They last forever and have a great grip.You gotta try them out
I know that pick choosing is a personal matter. I choose this specific model because the thickness and flexibility are perfect for me.
I use Dunlop Orange because the thickness is perfect. I hit the strings very, very hard and these picks are heavy enough to get the job done yet I don't break many strings.
Great picks for beginners and pros alike! Go for these thinner picks if you like more versatility in your playing.
I think Tortex / Delrin picks are the standard that others are judged by.Durable, good to gripping surface, easy to identify thicknesses by color.The only way I can think of to improve these would be to replace the black ink logo and script with some sort of raised embossing.Then your fingers will not smudge and the grip would be even better.Take a look at "Cactus Picks" to get an idea of what I mean.
I like the picks a lot! They are super strong and look like can take a lot of use in a good shape! Recommended
Whatever size you are looking for Dunlop is the best option. It lasts long, sounds great, and feels very nice. It is probably the most favored pick among all companies. I recommend the orange one for beginners, and in general would not go much higher than the green ones because when it gets too heavy it does not feel to comfortable anymore and does not sound as well, but it is totally up to what you want. Either way, Dunlop is the best and for a great price.
I've always used these dunlop picks, I've tried other ones like fender, other dunlop picks as well but these just feel right, I've never like the thicker picks or the picks with the weird grips on them these just feel right when playing, give them a try! ... if not you'll just wind up with a cool little turtle tortex sticker instead
I've been playing guitar for over 40 years, and these Tortex picks are nearly the worst I'v ever used.  They are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise.  Dunlop Ultex picks sound much better.
I was looking for something that was able to bend a bit but not fall out of shape or stay bent after much use and these are great.  They have good tension but still sound nice with my acoustic and the grip is great.  It's almost like a microscopic layer of felt is on these.  It sucks when your hands are cold and the pick keeps slipping out of your fingers...you don't want to keep licking your fingers or breather warm air on them and these are easy to hold onto no matter the condition.
I've been using these picks for 10+ years, they've always been great.  Between these blues and the yellow, I'm covered.
I love these picks.  The flex is just right for me, and they last forever.  I have never had one break.
Good picks, great feel and brings out sound loudly. Mostly for Electrics. I prefer the lighter sound of the Acoustic but these work very well with my friends Electric, Fender.
If you thought a pick is a pick (like I once did long ago) you would probably come to realize that it would be a mistake to assume that position as your playing and playing strength increases in attack and/or complexity.I use the Dunlop Tortex 1.14mm Purples.Early on in my playing I was using thin to medium picks but read in a guitar magazine along with hearing from several friends that a heavy pick is better. Why? After messing about I found that the player is able to fully control the pick and not let the pick interfere with input and attack.  The interference with a thin or medium pick is that it has give, or slackens when attacking hard. With a heavy gauge pick that lack of rigidity or slack is only introduced by the player and not through the picks flexibility.I tried it and liked it and have been using heavy gauge picks since the mid '80's.I like the Dunlops feel, grip, and durability. They hold up for a very long time. How long? I have had some last a few years. They are an incredible bargain given the long lasting durability.My students use them too, I don't demand it, but I do stress the control aspects with picks of different gauges.Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.
The thickness of the pick you use is a matter of personal preference. For my style, the .60 Dunlop Tortex is perfect.  The surface is matte and not too slick.  I don't think I have ever worn one down to being unusable; they seem to last forever (or until they're lost).  I've tried other brands and picks made of other materials, but I always come back to these. I'll probably be buried with one in my hand!
I always keep a lot of these on hand.  These are the only picks I use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals).  Since I play for several hours nearly every day I have a tendency to go through a lot of picks.  These definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that I have used.  For example, I can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a Musician's Gear pick or a Fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks.  The weight is great for my style of playing.  They seem more durable than other brands.  They're inexpensive and since I play a lot of hours I always keep lots of these on hand.  I love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!!
I love the Tortex .50mm picks (red).  I have one that's over 4 years old and still going strong!  Yes, the turtle and writing eventually get rubbed off, but they never leave black residue on the pick or the strings.  I use the red, yellow, and orange Tortex's exclusively for practice and performance (I'm a church worship leader).  My highest recommendation.
These guitar picks are just the best. Simply put. They are easy to grip onto, even when your hands are sweaty from rocking out all day. Highly recommended. I will never use any other guitar pick other than a Dunlop Tortex. I use the green 88mm picks, and also the orange 60mm ones. I recommend you buy both the green picks and orange picks. Great for beginners or the pros.
I enjoyed this set very much due to the variety of picks, as it was interesting to try different models. Dunlop picks are great!
As a kid I learned to play the trombone proficiently, but my heart wasn't really in it, so I took up the guitar, which I love. I played for several years but stopped playing for lack of time. I recently started playing again and was looking for the perfect pick for classic rock (I have an old Ibanez and a Les Paul Custom) and have tried several picks in that quest. There are several I have liked (and several that I haven't) but thus far my favorite is the 1.0mm Tortex (blue) picks. They have a very nice, almost powdery, matte feel that minimizes slippage and they just don't break, though the 1.0s are fairly stiff. Depending on what you are playing there are various thicknesses available, and most people will find something suitable for their personal preferences. I won't say that I will never try anything else, but thus far I find myself picking up my 1.0 Tortex more than other picks.
I don't seem to drop these at all as compared to other picks I have used in the past that just seemed to slip....
my favorite picks. Can't go wrong with tortex. the only habit I have with picks if just chewing on them and destroying them so I have to buy like a ton of them
i've used pick when i play most of time and i used white color thinnest one. i like to use thin ones because i play strumming most of time and this one works perfect. very easy to grip and last long. one thing to point out is that print on pick fades away very quickly but i do not mind. highly recommand this for anyone needs pick!
These are such comfortable picks... I love the texture on them, which makes them easy to hold without being distractingly aggressive like some of the other picks' textures. This is subtle yet effective. My favorite pick now.
They feel very nice with a soft touch finish on them. Fair priced and I love the color of the green ones. I like the .88 mm because its just the right mix of medium and hard; great for someone looking to play blues or rock. Cheap and easy to use, can't beat these picks!
Great picks, buy it. This pick, rocks for me, im a fan of dunlop for many years and all there products are amazing.
I have been using Dunlop picks for a long time. Good feel, grip and not too heavy or thick. Good deal.
I can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
Ever since I started playing the guitar, I've used the nylon Dunlop picks. They're better in a thicker size (1.0mm or larger) but the .73mm size is about the same thickness as a regular Fender pick. They're flexible and easy to pick with, but the biggest plus about the nylon picks is that they will NOT break. You'd almost have to melt one of these things with a lighter to harm it -- so one pack of them will last you yeeeeears.Also of note: the price keeps going up on these here on Amazon for some reason -- don't pay more than $3-4 for a pack of them, as you can get them at your local music store for about that.
I bought these because I wanted durable, flexible picks for easy strumming. I would recomend these to anyone that needs more stable strumming.
They're very thin nylon picks. They're good for practicing the hand motions of strumming; they put up very little resistance, so they train you to keep your hand stable. I still sometimes play with them since they give a really nice bright tone, but I usually want something thicker in order to be able to flatpick melody lines in between strums. I also sometimes use them when practicing flatpicking, since flatpicking with a really thin pick reveals things about your body mechanics that you don't notice with a thicker pick.They're great for what they are (thin, flexible picks), and Amazon has the best price.
These just don't have the right feel and the sound isn't that great compared to other materials.The quality control is so so. The picks aren't cleanly cut out they are injection molded and as a result they are left with a thin trim all around them.I'll stick with Dunlop Gator Grip .96mm or PRS 1.0 picks. For more flexibility or acoustic, I prefer Fender Medium Celluloid picks.
yes, i think you should try these.  if you're looking at them, then get them.  they are thin and flexible so i purchased them to develop my pick skills as i was a finger type guy w/o any pick experience.  i don't drop these and get a feel for where the sting is located w/o looking.
These have been my favorite picks, for decades now. They grip very well, and last forever, and they're a tiny bit more muted than other, more &#34;plasticky&#34; picks.
I've used the .60mm and .73mm Dunlop Nylon picks during my entire professional music career.  I rock hard. Acoustic, electric, and Bass!  I've tried almost every other pick on the market and they break far too easily.  Dunlop's Nylon picks don't break, and once you find the thickness that fits your needs, you'll find that they have excellent string attack and are easily kept in grip. I rarely ever drop one of these picks while preforming. Maybe 5 times in my entire career.  Buy these picks.
Im not loyal to brands on the whole but when I reach for a pick I hope this is the one I get. They wear out and get nicks so I have to remember to keep ordering them.Edit: Watch the Steve Vai interview where he shares his secret for restoring the edge of worn, nicked, picks. Rapidly,firmly wipe the pick edge against a carpet. The motion is as if you were trying to cut into the carpet with the edge of the pick, repeat 3 or 4 times and whadda u know! The edge is now smooth and nice.
I've been using Dunlop Nylons for almost as long as I've been playing guitar (twenty one years now). I find the .60's are just a bit too thin, but for more chord strumming style playing, such as playing rhythm, the .73's are perfect. They are flexible, but not flimsy. The tips will wear down after a while as with all picks. I estimate that a solid thirty to forty hours of playing is all you'll get with a pristine tip. However, they're definitely still usable after that. One other advantage these picks have is that they never break. So, i dont see how you can go wrong.
These Dunlop 88 mm picks are the right size, not to big or too small.  Been using these for years.  Always good to have extras on hand and put into the cases.  They never wear out.  They are not too stiff or too flimsy.  They work good for the sound on the strings.  Easy to hold on to.
I ordered these because I bought a variety pack of picks from Musician's Friend and there was one lonesome very thin celluloid pick in the pack. I loved how it quieted the strumming on my acoustic dreadnought, so I went on the hunt for very thin picks. The celluloid one fell apart quickly, so I wanted a better material.These white nylon picks should last a lot longer. The non-pointed end is all grippy (textured), so it doesn't work great if you like to use the more rounded corners of a pick, but it does the job and I like it. The pointed end is very thin and slides off the strings nicely, but you can still pick with it if you're combining picking and strumming.I'll keep using thicker picks for picking-only songs and for louder strumming, but for more mellow strumming and to keep from bothering other folks in the house, these are great.UPDATE: I've been using them for more than a year now, and they are pretty flimsy for picking notes in a mostly-strumming song... but you can do it. This is still my favorite pick for strumming. Hope this helps.
I use the Dunlop .60mm nylon picks as my current standard,  but decided to give the lighter .38mm a try.  Unfortunately,  the volume they produce get completely swallowed up when accompanying singing with an acoustic guitar (especially in an outdoor picnic setting),  and basically unusable for that purpose.  However, I did find these were just the ticket for personal practice, allowing me to hear a  metronome or backtrack far easier.  So although they failed my original performance intention, 5 stars for filling a need I didn't even know I had.  :)
This nylon pick has great play feel.  It is stiff enough to pick individual strings and still feels comfortable stumming chords.
These picks are nice and thin, just what I was looking for in a pick.  They seem durable so far and the light color makes them easy to see when you drop one or set it down.  I'm satisfied with these picks.
This picks are comfortable, nice quality. They'll get dirty as they are cream (or white as I see) but worth it!! Wanna play fast? take these n try em out
i purchased the .38mm and these (.46mm).  after using the .38mm and learning how to use the pick now i feel better using these.  i like the small amount of texture provided in the grip area.  not too much, but at least something.
ive been using dunlop nylon standard picks since the early 80s. they have never let me down. very comfortable in the hand.
I'm not sure what else to say. The picks work well and they don't wear out easily. I like these because they have a nice grip and when my fingers get sweaty they don't slide out.
I only use Dunlops. For a number of reasons. First, the texture of the plastic gives a good sound, and easier to hold on to. Second, the "grippy" texture they put on them makes them easier to hold on to. Thirdly, they make many sizes, for all the right occasions. Two thumbs up!
Durable and affordable. The .60mm is a perfect thickness for those looking to strum and occasionally pick.
I'm an Irish-style DADGAD guitarist.  These picks cut through the string really nicely, and are great for driving rhythms.  I'm starting to lean towards the Tortex .5mm, though -- I think the roughness on the surface of the Dunlops adds a little bit of scratch to the sound that I don't like.  Still, great picks.
I've used the .60mm and .73mm Dunlop Nylon picks during my entire professional music career. I rock hard. Acoustic, electric, and Bass! I've tried almost every other pick on the market and they break far too easily. Dunlop's Nylon picks don't break, and once you find the thickness that fits your needs, you'll find that they have excellent string attack and are easily kept in grip. I rarely ever drop one of these picks while preforming. Maybe 5 times in my entire career. Buy these picks.
Pretty flexible due to the 0.60mm thickness, I would recommend the Dunlop Max Grip picks over these picks.  The Max Grips have a much better grip.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I like a flexible pick and these at .60mm work just fine.  They are also in a good color so they don't stand out too much.
As a vast multitude of guitar players will solemnly agree, we all have experienced the search for the personal Holy Grail of guitar picks.  I am no exception.  Dozens and dozens of makers, styles, shapes, gages,  materials,  price ranges, (oh ya, the 30 dollar picks), you name it, I've tried it (even nail picking on metal strings).  Now if you are new to the &#34;perfect pick quest&#34;, you must understand that picks are as subjective as scent, with personal grip, sound interaction, a host of music ingredients making your Grail different.  However, if you play a light metal-string acoustic (my main is an Aria AF tenor guitar), check out these Dunlops .60 Nylons.Even within the Dunlop line, I have tried the different grips and thickness gages, and after all said and done, these relatively cheap picks are all that have remained standing as my first choice.  Just heavy enough to be heard unplugged without folding the pick around my thumb, light enough to strum fluidly without yanking at my lighter strings, just the right material to keep my low strings thumping and my high strings singing.  Even the Dunlop Nylon Max grip of the same .60 gage didn't acoustically perform quite the same.Would I try another pick if the chance was presented?  Sure, most of us would since the quest for the Holy Grail never truly ends,  but until then, Dunlop's .60 Nylon is without hesitation the closest thing I have gotten to pick perfection.
I think many/most guitarists are always on the lookout for new things and picks are and easy and cheap thing to try.  My favorite picks for the last ~8 years are Snarling Dogs Brain Picks - they're nylon picks that have a raspy "cat's tongue" surface that makes it super easy to grip.I've also had a few of these Gator Grip picks for a few years now and I like them quite a bit, but they're not my favorite.  I tend to use something around or just under 1 mm for electric and a bit less than that for acoustic.  These picks have a matte finish which makes it easy to retain your grip on them.  Sound-wise I don't find that they're significantly different from any other pick.  If they ever stop making Brain Picks these could very well become my #1.
Smooth sound and attack. Grips soft, loose, and yet well. I own HUNDREDS of picks. These are some of my favorites.
It's a pick... everyone has their preference, but I happen to like the 1.14's a lot and the &#34;powder-y&#34; grip on these is a real bonus.  It take a bit to wear that off but they are still good when they are &#34;clean&#34; as well.
You can't go wrong with these picks if you enjoy a full size pick.  They have a better grip and a more full sound (to my ears) over the Tortex picks.  I have since went to the Jazz picks but these picks are a solid product.
Since they were named &#34;Gator Grip&#34; I expected them to have a good gripping surface.  That was not the case.  The entire material and holding surface is the same material.  Also they weren't as large as I expected.  They are still usable as decent picks.
I'm glad I tried these, I wont order them again. I thought they might be a good alternate for my Dunlop nylon picks, not really though.Edit: Im nothing if not fair. My last review of these was in the context of my playing my Strat or sometimes my 335. I stand by that review. However, now Im playing my Godin 5th Ave and suddenly these picks are perfect. Ive gone back and forth trying different picks with my guitars. In the end these are the picks I reach for when Im playing the Godin.I will buy these again. I changing my review from 'Just Okay' to "Contextually Perfect". Ok I'll add a star, your right I should add a star. There!
I've been trying to find a pick which combines a good grip, the right string resonance for strumming, and enough stiffness for accurate picking and these picks might be the closest I've found so far for my style of playing. I'm a naturally hard strummer so I want a pick that I can hold more loosely, strum more softly, and still get enough clarity and volume. I want to give them 5 stars but I think that would only apply if they were perfect for strumming and picking - they're very good for both but not quite what I would consider the ideal pick for me if one exists. If I were perfectly satisfied with these picks I would never buy any other picks. For now these are my preferred picks but I will keep experimenting with other brands and types of picks in search of that elusive ideal.
First, I love these picks and used them exclusively for years.  I have dozens of them, they never wear out.  I used to use them when playing in a loud rock band, and never had any issues.  They are very comfortable, and easy to control.Now the bad: the sound.  Not the sound of the plucked not itself, but the hard plastic of the pick against the string makes a very noticeable "plinking" sound that is audible through your amp.  If all you're playing is loud music, this may not be an issue.  But I essentially stopped using them when I started playing in a different band with more dynamics, because during quieter passages the plinking sound of the pick on the strings is VERY noticeable to me.So, too bad.  I think these are great picks, but I'd like them to be made of a softer material.
So, these picks are really nice, but the picture is not what you will get.  These picks are translucent purple.  Other than the strange color, they are good picks.  They really do help with speed and accuracy.  Great for mandolin playing.Updated: Amazon has changed the image for this item, so now the picture really does show what you will get.
I always find it interesting the different opinions about products.  Some don't like the sound, others say these wear out in a day (really -- do you play for 24 hours?).  Some say that the grip is good.  Here's my take -- for what it's worth.  I've listened to these with hollow and semi hollow body guitars.  Round and flat wound strings.  My general take is that these picks give a better, fuller, rounder bigger tone overall.  Compared to the tortex style pick material (1 mm for the tortex).  It's a bit hard to determine if the sound comes from the material, thickness or a combination of both.  Also note, I play with the rounded edge, not the tip.  So the grip in the center of these doesn't quite fit my grip style but it's still ok.  I do find that these get slippery faster than the tortex materials if my hands sweat at all.  I've been subjective in my comparisons -- but this is what I've found so far.  I find that they stand out, sound wise, for the guitars I'm currently playing.  The process of finding the "right" pick is never ending and changes over time.  Give these a try and let me know what you think.
These  picks  R awsome!  I have tremmors  in my  hands  and have a hard thime with pick control.....They Have a Gell  center,  Whitch  tingles,  It feels like muscles are activating in Your Hand  GREAT THERAPUTIC PICKI seem to do better with controll picks rather then ordinary picks.These  picks have a indentation so U know where put UR thumb and index fingerThey really Do what they say....If U have hand problems,  try these.....they really work.
I dont know why they are called big stubby. They are on the small side.  Way to thick for me.  They do sound good though and will last a long time.  I feel like I am playing with a nickle. I like the indentation. Helps the grip a lot. I should have paid more attention to the size and thickness. Still looking for the right picks for me.  If these were slimmer and a bit larger I would buy again.
Looking for picks for bass , this one did not work for me, it is thick and hard, good attack.but only thumb picks work, so i can use my fingers too.
The thing about picks or plectrums if you prefer is that they are really a matter of preference and once you pick one (no pun intended) you should try to stick to it and get used to it through practice.  I've used many different types of picks over the years and I've not found the ideal one for me until recently when I decided to use a SilverPick which is basically a standard triangle thin design but made of silver which I find fits my needs the best and so far it's just a case of getting used to it.  This particular Dunlop pick is as described being fat, stubby and sturdy with a nice grippable centre and if you are the kind of lead guitarist who uses a lot of pinch harmonics this pick will be good for you as the maximum grip and most comfortable holding position exposes very little of the pick face.  The hardness will make it good for fast playing but the thickness also makes it difficult to get a firm grip too and the very small size makes it easy to lose your grip if you hit the strings too hard.  This makes it unfit for bass players and for strumming although you could get used to this for lead guitar playing.  For me though, I'll keep this among my collection of picks for use but it's not my default or preferred choice for play.
I admit I'm not the guitar flatpicker some of my friends are, but I find this pick to be perfect for picking mandolin.  The picks have almost zero flex to them, meaning the player has solid control.  I like 'em--even if they are purple.
When I first got them, I thought that they were going to be cheap, as they felt extremely light and came in the cheap packaging, but it was ok, I wasn't expecting much from them. The picks were actually made from extremely sturdy material. They did not bend at all when I tried to (and believe, me I tried). Pick wearing is virtually non-existent, and I utilize Alt-Picking a lot in my practices. I actually learned my first sweep shred (D major) with these picks within a day of getting them.I highly recommend for the shred guitarist.My only complaint, is that pinch harmonics are kind of hard to do (becuase of the grip) but i got used to it rather quickly.IMPORTANT!!!You can get these in 24 packs at [...] for only $10!!! Free shipping as well!Sorry, Amazon, but that is just to good a deal to pass on...
I have them in purple which makes them stick out.  They have the little cut out to make it easier to grip and hold when I am playing the mandolin.  Already planning on purchasing more.
Currently my favorite pick, it's thick enough to control and the etching makes it easy to handle. I'd recommend to guitarists for jazz, fusion or the like.
I first want to mention that this is a pack of 6 picks. The product description didn't mention that, but I was pleased to receive more than three!My son told me he needed some new picks, and since lately he's been playing Ozzy Osbourne songs I knew he needed a better pick than the standard Fender picks he's been playing with for three years. After hearing him play with these picks, I've noticed he can play faster and more accurately with these. The finger grips help tremendously and these have really helped to bring his playing to the next level. My only complaint is that they sent us a pack of purple picks. I wish we could choose the color, or maybe they could send a color assortment. We'll be buying these for a long time to come.
How a guitar pick "feels", is such a matter of individual preference, that there really doesn't seem to be much point in trying to rate them, as what I like about a particular type of pick, may not be relevant to another player.  Most picks have high ratings, because players who like that particular type, write reviews that rate them highly.  Obviously, the best thing to do is playing with a pick on your own guitar, but that isn't always possible.  With that said, for what they are worth, here are my thoughts regarding Jim Dunlop's purple colored, Big Stubby 3.0mm picks.I like a pick with a sharp point for better control, and the Big stubby certainly meets that criteria.  The sharp point and the pick's rounded edges, help the Stubby to slide smoothly off of the individual strings, which makes for easier picking.  Besides electric guitar, I find these picks nicely suited for acoustic, and semi-solid body guitars, where the string tension is greater.I had tried the 1.0mm Stubby previously, but the 3.0mm pick is much thicker, and heavier, and has absolutely no "give" at all.  I'm still getting used to playing with something this stiff and hard.  Although the pick has rounded depressions on each side for the fingers, when picking rapidly, I find that maintaining grip can still be a little tricky.  Keeping the pick clean and dry, does help.My favorite pick had been theDunlop 0.6mm nylon pick, but I am very pleased with the performance and feel of the 3.0mm Stubby.  I can locate the strings easily, and be more precise, while still being able to play with decent speed.  Time will tell, but this may become my new favorite pick.The "pick pack" contains 24 picks.  I only paid $2.99, which is simply an outstanding deal.  If you're a player looking for a really stiff almost indestructible pick, you might want to give this ultra heavy duty Stubby a try.
Using the stubby spoiled me for all other picks. You simply play faster, no matter what level you are. Alternate picking speeds increase because there is no more flat-pick drag. Now I only use flat picks for acoustic play when I want to hear the crunch. 24 picks in a pack, is an insane bargain. You pay twice as much in a store.
I use different kinds of picks, this one is very special, the strings rings out really pleasant, and great for speed picking too!
As a beginner guitarist, a few friends let me try out their picks.  I was displeased with most of the standard picks, partially because I didn't like that flimsy feel to them and their sound just didn't sound quite as robust as I like (hopefully, that makes sense).  However, when I was handed one of these, it produced a pleasant sound and I didn't feel like I would somehow break the pick while playing.Needless to say, now that I have my own guitar, I ordered a pack of these and I am certainly not disappointed.
I've been playing guitar my entire life. And I've tried almost every pick there is. After hearing how great it is, I decided to buy it. It felt really small at first, and i kinda was dissapointed. I put it down, and didn't use it for quite some time. For some reason i decided to pick it back up, and after a few minutes i came to like the pick. Days after using it, i got accustomed to its size, and I became much more efficient with picking. And I no longer had to worry about the pick slipping. I can't really go back to normal sized picks now.. haha. That's like the only downside I can think of. There are many dif versions of this style, so buy em all, and try em out. If these don't work for you, you can always buy the V-pick.
Real nice Guitar Picks. It came in a 6 piece pack, they deserve the Dunlop brandname because these things last a long time.
I've been using only these even since trying them, wonderful picks for speed and precision, you won't go back for sure.
These are shred picks, they are very accurate. Pinch harmonics come easily. The point is made to scream over wound strings, gallops, are a breeze. I gave one to the other guitarist in my band now he only uses them.
I recently bought a few packs of Jazz IIIs and I was shocked.  They don't play at all like what I was expecting.  Under high magnification the edge doesn't look the same as the old Jazz III either, and they don't play the same if you turn them over!!!  What's up with that?I'm sorry to give such a poor review to a great brand like Dunlop.  Let's hope this is just a short-term fluke.
After you use these the large, flimsy old school picks will be used just when you don't have one of these babies available.  These are the best picks out there.  If you don't have these already you better purchase them now.  Black or Red, the color is the only difference.
Give these picks three days and you'llNever go back to another style.Almost impossible to slip out of your fingers, great tone, amazing clarity, effortless harmonics, durable and fast.This pick literally makes you play better!
They are half the size of a regular pick.  Bit too thick for me.  Sound nice. Will last forever. Wish I had sized them before I bought them.
I love these little guys. The small size forces me to hold it so just the very tips is exposed. They have a nice textured grip. I bought the red ones this time so I can see them when I drop them!
I used to use Fender medium picks only. Now for Jazz and metal I use this pick. You will just have to try it for yourself to see if it is right for you.
I like Dunlop products I used the purple tortex 1.14mm almost exclusively until I met up with this Jazz III.  And now my personal debate continues...  I like a thick pick and this Jazz III is.  I like tortex and this isn't but...I really like the orange color which makes it easy to locate if you drop it.  I rarely and I do mean rarely drop a tortex pick but this nylon might get a bit slick at times.They make 3 or 4 picks in this line with varying degrees of tip pointiness.  I like the pointy model the others have round and rounder tips.This is the new and improved jazz style pick and I am still trying to figure out if I like this or the trad Fender jazz pick.  Or perhaps having a few slightly different picks laying around isn't such a bad idea after all.
I have always been a thin or medium 351 style pick person, but when a fellow musician had one of these on stage I was quite surprised at how well it worked. I have used it on guitar and also on bass and it really works well with a good solid grip to it.
Been using these for longer than a decade, and met many people who prefer minimal picks , and jazz III among them. This is the closest to playing with bare hand that I can get.
I bought this in a few colors so my other reviews are on as well.  I like the thickness of this pick.  Easy to hang onto when strumming.  Love the tone I can obtain too.
the title says it all. it may take a while getting use to these smaller picks but in the long run you will e happy that you tried these picks. also since these picks are smaller, i found it was easy to do pinch harmonics on these compared to bigger picks, so if you are having a hard time with pinch harmonics try these out.
I've used these for more than two years but recently shifted to its big brother, the jazz 3 XL. Same thickness and feel /tone, but in a larger form factor. I would definitely recommend the XL version if rhythm+lead work is required. For strictly solo work with easy to achieve pinch harmonics, this one is better.
I tried three of these on a whim and they impressed me favorably. In fact, they were so good that I purchased ten more when I went back to the same music store. My favorites are mandolin picks like Golden Gate or Grisman "Dawgs". The round side of the XH Dunlop Gels gives me a similar attack and a nice warm tone. I would recommend these to anyone.
If for some reason you're looking for a pick with a specific color, this is a nice set. The bright colors make them difficult to lose.
I like Fender Mediums, always have, but, I gotta branch out man.  Not sure about these picks yet.  The feel a little more stiff my usual.  I want them to last longer.  What happened to the days when you carried the same pick around in your pocket for months and played it until it was round?
I recently ordered a wide variety of picks to find the ones I liked best. These sounded different "gel" picks. I do not like them. Being see through distracts me. They are a little scratchy on the edges. Perhaps a more experienced guitar player would do fine with them but being at the stage where I am still looking at what I am doing - I just can't use them well.
Not too light and bendy, not too heavy and stiff, these picks are just right. Dunlop also makes quality picks, and I have yet to break one of these. They last a long time. I am a guy so at first I wished they weren't purple, but since Dunlop only codes their sizes with certain colors I like them so much I don't really care what color they are anymore. I bought a pack of these picks for much less money at my local music store so I would recommend looking there first. Now please stop cutting up milk jugs and go buy these. Now!
They play well and hold up well(never had one break) They are my second favorite pick. But this pick is better in some songs than my favorite.
For keeping your guitar picks where you can quickly grab them the Dunlop mic stand pick holder is EXTREMELY efficient and useful ESPECIALLY when performing live.Always great products and always dependable.I also own the guitar maintenance kits and the capo.Not one product has let me down yet.My capo is 8 years old.
Holds my picks in place  nicely... snaps on 2 microphone stand firmly...  Never come up short again...  Its just a nice accessory to have and cheap too
I have the small version. But for the price of this version is more useful for a few dollars more. I used in all my concerts and its excellent! 100% recommended!
Fits nicely on my mic stand and hold a butt load of picks. It is quite tight on my picks, but I imagine it will loosen slightly as it gets used.
I bought this thing not thinking I would use it too much, but wanted it for future use, I was wrong, no more misplacing picks for me. Highly recommended, also fits on my guitar stand, very cool.
I tend to drop picks from time to time and it's nice to have them at the ready when the time arises.This was a basket filler when I needed to get to $25 for my free shipping one day but I find it very useful and use it every time I play.Don't know why I waited so long to get one..
The mic stand pick holder is a great way to keep picks available while playing.  I switch between playing guitar and bass so I often change the gauge of the pick I am using.  This pick holder is a great way to have the picks available if you change picks often. The holder snaps firmly to the arm of the mic stand and does not slide around the arm. It holds the picks firmly, there is no chance they will fall out of the holder.
If you can't find a container and add your own sponge, then buy this.Keeping a valuable guitar humidified is essential.I think this item should cost three bucks at most, and $1.50 would still yield a healthy profit!I made some more from stuff from the dollar which I think are better.I use this one for my baritone uke, and the bigger ones I made I use in my dreadnaughts.If you make your own, just make sure to not let the sponge drip, ie, wring it out, and make sure it does not actually touch any bare wood.
Excellent product, simple and practical design,holds firmly inside the guitar mouth and keeps humidity levels in the safe zone.If humidity levels in your area go below 40% you simply need to provide extra humidity to prevent cracks.
Planet Waves humidifiers are simple to use and a great product to guard against drying your guitar and causing splitting. Dampen the sponge, squeeze out excess water, insert the sponge into the holder and the holder between hte strings. Check on it every few days and keep the sponge damp. Couldn't be any easier. I use them all winter long in my guitars.
This compact humidifier is easily filled with an included plastic syringe.  If you don't over-fill, it will not drip, and you can simply place it in your case instead of the usual sponge.
I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier.After making a few homemade case humidifiers out of things like a travel butter container with many holes drilled into it and a sponge, I started thinking about how some of the cases separate the body cavity from the neck & headstock cavity inside the guitar case and not allowing the humidity to flow freely to all areas, especially the body where it is needed the most.Even though I was getting acceptable humidification in the case I was concerned about the body being dryer in comparison so I went ahead and splurged the 8 bucks on these. (I actually bought three of them.)I crank the gas heat up in the house in the winter and A/C in the summer, keep my guitars inside their cases and inside a closet. The humidity drops quite low, but the sponges remain moist for several days before I can no longer fight the urge to re-wet them. lol.Two great tips in one:Use a regular, more dense sponge, thicker like the ones at the dollar store. Cut them to size and stuff them in!Throw away the sponge when it starts to get yucky and don't worry about distilled water, unless you want to. I can't argue using very pure water compared to the possibly toxic crap that comes out our faucets, but for one dollar you can get a boat load of them after you cut them to size, and toss them away without any regard when needing replaced.Don't worry about the &#34;thing&#34; hanging in-between your strings. It will not damage anything unless you get the sponge  too saturated and it leaks. I will either squeeze the excess water out, or shake the container with the sponge inside until I am satisfied that it won't drip.The humidifier will not cause any stress or damage to your strings by spreading them when you wedge this inside your soundhole.If you ARE rough, careless, thoughtless, or stupid, you could possibly knock this loose and have it rub or fall out, but I would be more worried about the guitar and what it would take for this to happen. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause.The top snaps on by squeezing the sides to release little tabs that stick through the top cover. The sponge inside is quite small, and there isn't too much room for a much larger sponge. The device is simple and fairly solid. Treat it gently and it will last forever. You can easily clean the inside or run it through a dishwasher. If you give the inside a quick rinse every few fills, I'm sure it would be a decade before anything &#34;built up&#34; to require extensive cleaning or replacement.Keep an eye on it for the first few days and then weeks to get a feel for when you should be re-wetting the sponge.Try to keep the sponge moist when it's dry.I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks.This will take any guesswork out of the equation and give you fairly accurate readings inside your guitar or instrument case.Remember, too much humidity can cause your acoustic guitar to warp. Too dry and it will shrink and crack, split the soundboard (top) also leaving the edges of the frets sticking out like the backbone of a fish and quite abrasive!If you spent more than one hundred dollars on your guitar and live where it gets cold and/or dry, you would be negligent (if not careless) to spend the pittance to make sure your 'baby ain't thirsty', or worse...dead & broken!Hope this helps!
This is a upgraded version of the guitar humdifier, The first one had that green stuff that florists use in it and you used a plastic syringe to ad water to it. This has a replaceable sponge, you take it out, soak it and squeeze out excess then put it back in container, would say it gets more humidity out.
This is a simple humidifier for guitars with a round sound hole.  It would not work for an f-hole archtop or other types of instruments such as mandolin or ukulele.  Inside the sturdy plastic case is what appears to be an ordinary kitchen sponge.  If you use distilled water (as recommended) it should last quite a while.  The top comes off with a gentle press on the sides.  The dry sponge can be a little difficult to remove with fingers but tweezers or needle nose pliers work perfectly.  Don't push it all the way in after moistening and you won't have a problem.  I drip a little distilled water on the sponge, squeeze out any excess, and the assembled case pops in easily between the D and G strings, suspended in the middle of the sound hole.  They can't be seen in the photo but there are small ridges on each side that hold the top in place against the strings.  I've never had one of these move from where I left it.If the sponge isn't dripping wet you should never have a problem with drops of water in the guitar or case.  When the humidity is very low (30% or less) the sponge dries out in 2 to 3 days even if the case isn't opened.  As with most humidifiers of this type you will have to check every few days.If you have ever had a crack appear in the top of favorite guitar (or don't want to see one) use a guitar humidifier!  Especially during the winter - heating a house tends to drop the indoor humidity below safe levels (between 45% and 60% is ideal for most guitars).  Air conditioning can do the same.  For especially valuable guitars it would be worth buying a hygrometer to keep in the case but for most guitars having one in the room where you keep you guitar(s) is okay.  For many reasons it's always best to keep your guitar in a case or gig bag when not in use.  A humidifier is inexpensive extra precaution at those times of year when temperature or humidity changes quickly.
I bought this product with the notion of being cheap No refills to buy, except distilled water.  In all actuality, its a really simple design.I like this design better because of one simple fact.  If the wood in your guitar is already dry, you'll have to refill your humidifier more often initially.  i'd rather be using distilled water than hydration pack refills that are required in some other guitar humidifiers.  After the guitar gets "hydrated?", I usually end up wetting the sponge every 4 to 7 days.  It definitely gets taken several time between refills, so it's not that much of a hassle.Overall, good product that you could probably fashion yourself but why bother.  Try not to over-douse the sponge in order to avoid water damage to the guitar.Peace out and cheers~J
Fits nicely into my acoustic guitars. Just requires you to dampen the sponge with distilled water. Luckily I keep that on hand!
I bought this guitar humidifier for my Taylor.I received exactly what I purchased and works as it should.This product has been recommended to me by many other guitar players around me.It is a simple design that fits perfectly between the strings.Easy to use because really all you have to do is moisturize the sponge and keep it in the plastic container.Price is good.
Works for me. But It splits the two middle strings way more than my peace of mind allows me to be comfortable with it. They made it thinner so it doesn't stretch the strings too much & as a consequence, it will only fit a thin sponge which dries easy as far as Arizona & California is concerned.Suggestion to Planet Waves: I think you can make it thicker but instead of splitting the strings, redesign the mount, say with a Velcro so that it's still hangs on the sound hall but it's attached to the strings. It's possible to attach your product in a different way because I've modified mine & to my personal preference works without splitting the screen.
I have one of these in every one of my cases. It's a plastic sponge holder with holes in it; nothing special but it does the job.
This is good for now! Keeps my guitar from drying out, warping, cracking,! For the money it works! Recommend this product.
it does what it says it does.  only complaint is that sponge is very small and in very dry areas it needs to be checked and refilled 2 times a week.
Cleans your strings and makes your fingers go across the strings a little faster.This is a good long lasting product and a little goes a long way.It is VERY safe for guitar finishes.
I play 5-string bass, both electric and acoustic and love this stuff.  Each bass I have has different strings for various reasons and I use this on every one.  My wife uses on her 6-string acoustic and electric guitars.  We keep a can in every case!
No spill, no mess. This is one of the easiest to use products for cleaning strings and necks. Just use the fast fret and wipe off with a rag. It will not dry out, and lasts for years. The only thing I don't like is the can will not fit in accessory area of my guitar case and the led has sharp edges, so put it down before using the cleaner.
Fast Fret, or at least some kind of string cleaner is a 'must have' for anyone who plays guitar. Because, if you think about it, strings get really dirty over time, and this product solves that issue. :)
This stuff will lube up your strings pretty well! The only downside is that it leaves tiny pieces of fuzz on my strings after a few times of use- but it comes with a little cloth that I assume is meant for this little inconvenience.
There's not much to say about this product, except that it works. It makes my strings last longer. Sometimes I get lazy owning so many guitars, and 20 minutes per &#34;well done&#34; restring adds up. This is a great way to put that off and keep jamming for as long as possible. It's small and conveniently stored too. I recommend trying it out!
I really love this. Tends to be very linty with time but it is still a very good product. Recommended.
The name says it all. FAST fret = FAST fingers!  I played over 40 live shows from 45 min sets to 2.5 hr sets just this year on national stages.  My strings take a lot of abuse and slow down with all the sweat, grime, and dirt flying through the air. This stuff honestly works very well.  It is part of my regular arsenal.
Especially for the price, this is a great buy.  The strings on my acoustic were starting to get a bit loud when I would slide up and down the fretboard, and I was noticing quite a bit of lag when sliding too.  The only downside is that it would be much easier to apply this directly to the frets without the strings on, but the appeal is to bring life back to strings that aren't shining like they use to.  I just had to take a little extra time and care to get as much oil onto the fretboard and then make sure I wiped it in/off as thoroughly as possible, which required folding the provided rag and inserting it between the strings and fretboard and taking my time as I went from fret to fret.  Not a big deal though because the result was very pleasing.  The ease of sliding was tremendously improved and the strings sound and feel better than ever!  Take 10-15 minutes and do you and your guitar a favor...
I just got this yesterday so I don't know how long it will prolong the string's life but I have noticed a difference already. It's a lot easier to play since the strings feel a lot smoother which makes this worth buying for that alone. Also, it's cheap so I would give it a shot if I were you. I'm really happy that I "discovered" this product, in fact, I'm already ordering 2 more.
This is my fifth time buying this stuff! I really like the new container. The tin is way nicer than the old plastic one. This stuff works great and lasts forever! I play daily and one stick will last me at least a year before it gets too dirty/dry to use. One swipe is plenty (2 strings at a time from nut to bridge); then just fold the cloth and wipe clean. Makes moving power chords and soloing so much easier.
I used this on a bass guitar with older strings and it made the strings brighter and more lively. I will try it on all of my guitars as it will prolong the life of most strings. I like the packaging and the small cloth it comes with. I use sections of t shirts to clean my strings and put them inside the packaging along with the cloth. This is a must for any fingerpicking guitar or bass player.
This product is great, I use it after every session. Keeps your strings clean and conditions the fret board. Every guitar player should keep this in their case.
Not an expert but it is cheap and simple and cleans and protects the strings. Hope that helps thank you
This makes sliding on the bass real smooth. It's also nice for cleaning. It is hard to tell if you are running low on oil or whatever liquid is in this thing but they seem to last for a fairly long time. And it's super easy to apply. Even though you're not a pro, act like one and slap some of this stuff on your bass or guitar before you play.
I agree with all of the reviews, but have found another area to use fast fret on: THE NUT. When tuning, the strings (especially the lower wound strings) hang up on the nut which causes the string to pop instead of slide as it would on a roller nut. Dab Fast Fret onto the nut before tuning, and this problem is greatly reduced.
Let's cut to the chase: this is, more or less, a tight roll of gauze soaked in mineral oil.  But that's exactly what I need to clean and protect my fretboard.  The lubricating feature is just a nice plus.
I used this on a 5string bass. I liked how this helps me slide around the fretboard easier. My friend tried it on her acoustic guitar and hated it.Her reason for her opinion is simple. This stuff puts out a LOT more oil (or whatever it is) than you would think. This has the unintended consequence of the oil making your hard-earned callouses soft...which when playing guitar can lead to bleeding fingers pretty fast (and did for my friend).To apply this you simply hold the handle and press down while running it along each string, one string at a time. I highly suggest you only use one slide down each string. At first it may not look like anything is getting on your strings, but give it a few minutes and you will start to see the excess oil appear and start pooling under the strings on your fretboard. That's ok. You will need to wipe away the excess, and I'm telling you, if you accidentally get too much, that excess oil may not come off easily (didn't for me at least). Mine left little pools of oil between the frets, and I only used one swipe and thought I had just a little on there. Naturally, this product also makes your fingers very oily feeling. My friend hated that part too, and I agree with her. Soft callouses = no callouses. This is a good product idea, and I like it in theory, and with my thick bass strings I didn't have the severe problem w soft fingertips that she did. Just be aware of the possibility of that being a problem for you.It does what it says, but you may not like what else it does or how it feels on your fingers.
The tips of my fingers often get pretty dry and cracked, especially when I've been playing a lot.  The problem, at least for me, is that pieces of the dead skins sometimes catch on guitar strings making slides, bends, and pull-offs less fluid.  A few strokes of GHS makes the fretboard give me a much smoother playing experience.  An alternative would be using Vaseline on my fingers, but that would probably be terrible for my fretboard.  Also, I sometimes use an Emory board to smooth my fingertips which helps, but I'd rather do that as little as possible to keep callouses strong.  GHS allows me to minimize that.
These patches will greatly extend the life of you bass drum heads. Even if you use felt beaters on your kick pedal these pads greatly increase the strength and toughness of your bass drum head in the exact place it is needed most. As far as I can tel these do not change the sound of your head much if at all. They stay exactly where you put them so be sure to get it right the first time.If you have a double bass kick pedal I highly recommend either this patch or one from another name brand company.
These impact pads came very fast and do their job although one of the pad I received ive already warn through in less then 3 weeks
This has saved my bass drum head from many holes. Also has no affect on sound of bass drum.Would recommend.
The Evans Pedal Patch will work for you great.. It will keep your mass drum head from gettingworn and nasty..  I cheap buy and it works excellent..
In writing a simple review for such a simple product there's only a few concerns you should have. 1. Would the adhesive dry out on this and 2. does it wear over time? The answer is it gets 4 stars. It doesn't dry out but I had to replace mine after 5 years because it eventually wore out. That's pretty good! Not perfect but pretty god!
They add depth to your bass drum by muffling the overtones a bit, and it is the pads that wear out rather than your bass drum head so these actually save you money and sound better. I've used a couple different brands, and they pretty much are similar.
its a patch that goes over the spot where your beater beats on the bass drum, guess it provides some useful purpose like kicking thru a bass drum skin, came with a few which is nice, price was right, so why not...go for it!!!
This strap kicks butt im a tall and big guy so its hard to find longer straps for cheap and baby is long if I have it to max its TO LONG that never happened to me and im 6 4 300 LBS so if your tall buy it don't waste your time with the Planet Wave ones there junk too short and the leather ends are really thin and brake after a few weeks of hard usage
Good stitching, no slippage. Awesome strap. Fits straps locks just fine. Perfectly happy with this strap. Thank you earnie ball!
I was displeased with a somewhat poor-quality strap I was using before.  It just didn't seem to want to hang on, so I went ahead and decided to buy a replacement.This is what I chose, and notably, I chose it for the color, just simply because I thought a white strap would look nice on a red and white guitar.So far, it's given me no problems, and it looks very nice and functions perfectly.  This is a great bargain, too, since it's certainly not an expensive accessory.
A nice simple adjustable strap that has well reinforced ends to hold the attachment posts on my guitar without any worries.  It is a bit slippery so for top-heavy guitars like Les Pauls the neck tends to keep slipping down so you have to support it with your fret hand a little.  I thinking of sewing a silicon mat on the underside so it will stay put on my shoulder.
It's comfortable. It's adjustable. The color was a good match for the guitar. Unless you regularly gig for hours at a time, why spend 50+ smackers on a strap when this one does just fine? Put the dough into the guitar, not the strap. By several colors for whatever look you are going for at the time.
Made of quality material. I do not need anything fancy,because I am a simle person! It does a first class job on my vintage electric guitar!
A very attractive and well constructed strap. I've been somewhat disappointed with some of the more expensive straps but this one is Excellent...................AND NOT SO EXPENSIVE. All the Buttons fit well (Snug) and it adjusts easily and quickly.
I really didn't expect this guitar strap to be anything more than what it is. It's tight knit nylon with leather to attach to the strap posts, It's not a super fancy top of the line guitar strap, but it serves it's purpose well. feels sturdy enough and it's adjustable for a man of any size. I ordered it on the 20th and received it on the 23rd, no complaints here. If you are like me and do not feel that it is necessary to spend 20$ or 30$ on a guitar strap then this would suit you just fine, for 6$ you can't beat it. buy one or 2 nothing to lose here
I like purple, and it is purple. The strap is sturdy. It works, what else needs to be said; it arrived timely, is decent quality, and a nice color.
So sexy with my SG. Great quality. I was going to get a pink furry one... this is better I think.
Got three of these straps as we got tired of changing them whenever we needed one on a different guitar.  This is a great strap for the money.  They leather ends do not rub the guitar finish and the holes do not wear out as fast.  If you want to spend more money, you can and get a little better (leather extends higher on the strap on the more expensive ones -- nicer) but if you want something that is functional and looks good this is a good value.
the hole at the end where you hook it up gets worn out easily .. just try and leave it on always..its cheap but it wont fail, wont drop your guitar, if you're careful.
I'm sure glad that I bought these straps, there not leather but are put together very well. I plan on using them as backups in the studio. The price was just right, cam quickly and I'd buy them again.
I figured at this price I wouldn't be able to use this strap to secure my Dean from Hell guitar. But figured if it wasn't up to being a reliable strap for my expensive & pretty heavy ax that I could always use it for my Rock Band guitar. And I'm rather certain that this strap will outlast the Rock Band guitar. So very pleased with this strap & would recommend it for any beginner with a inexpensive guitar that's likely 1/4 plastic and very lightweight.
So perhaps I don't know what shade burgandy really is. Or the picture is a bit misleading. It is as stated, although the picture shows a criss cross pattern this is just woven. As too "DEE"s reveiw... the buckle doesn't seem to bother me. I am not calling him or her out or anything. My best guess, it's playing style. I myself play bass, when I first started I played on the 3" inch straps and found they bothered me, went to the 2" straps proplem solved. I am sure that at certain lengths it does become a bother. But for me and the way I play... No complaints.
Not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do.  Limited dynamic range.  But, it works.  Wish I'd have gotten something a little nicer though.
I got these mics because I am in an environment where we needed the ON/OFF toggle on the microphone and - for us - it works great. These mics sound great for both normal speaking and singing in a small room. They sound similar to the Shure SM58 and we use them every day. They are still going strong.
This microphone is the best microphone I have ever owned. It is very dense, a little quiet, but the sound is absolutely brilliant quality. It is very clear sounding, and very well built. Get this mic. You will not regret it.
Holy guacamole, you guys- this amp...I was terrified at first because I plugged in and turned on and had NO SOUND.Took the batteries out and fumed over my foolish purchase, then decided to try once more.Fired it up with my electric kazoo plugged in and WE HAVE LIFT OFF!So rocking.I actually got this for my acoustic-electric ukulele and it sounds beautiful through it. I keep the volume low and the door open about 1&#34; to get a clean-ish tone. Haven't cranked it up yet for that dirty blues sound but I'm sure it'll sound awesome too.
First, I have to say the only reason I bought this is that we have two pot belly pigs that live in our house...so this was a no-brainer to purchase just to have as a fan of pigs, and I play the guitar too.Now for the review.This little &#34;collector&#34; amp turns out to be something I will actually use rather than put on a shelf to look at with all of our other pig stuff.I was very surprised how well built it is.  It's solid as a rock with chrome handles, edge guards and a pig snout for the volume control.It looks like a mini suit case and contrary to another review, the AC adapter fits into a compartment inside so it may be stored internally.  It also operates on batteries which makes this little thing quite the gem to take with us this summer.  Now I can take the Fender or Gibson electrics rather than the acoustic.Okay, I keep getting off topic here...The sound is clear and crisp for it's size.  Sure, it's not my Fender Mustang IV, but I didn't pay 600 bucks for it either.  But then my Fender doesn't have a pig's snout!!  There are no controls on this for tone adjustments, just a volume knob.  But, most of our modern electric guitars have quite a bit of tone adjustment anyway.  I would compare the sound coming from it as above average but it's the novelty of the amp that is the real attraction, for me anyway.As for it's size, I would say it's just about the size of your average small jewelry box.  But it's much heavier, deceptively heavy but I like that.  It doesn't have that &#34;cheap&#34; feel about it.Like I said, I WILL use this occasionally, especially during summer months when we cruise in the convertible or in the conversion van.  I look forward to the comments the amp will get, I'm sure way more than my guitar playing skills as I still have a lot to learn.  But, learning should be fun and this little amp and is just another way to make it even more fun.In summary, I would highly recommend this to any pig lover who owns a guitar or to anyone who's looking for a portable amp that operates on either batteries or an AC adapter.A word to best describe it....&#34;COOL&#34;.
I have had this amp for quite some time and find that it does exactly what I want it to!  It is so much easier to carry around and needs no outlet.  Turn in half way up, you get a clean sound...crank it maxed and you get that distortion that made it so famous.  I own a piece of the legend and music history!
Fantastic. Just love this little amp.At first thought it was broken, but batteries were  not sitting in right.Very happy it's ok.
I didn't know a little battery powered amp could sound so good.  It sounds just as good if not better than my Roland Cube 20, of course without the effects and such, but still, a great little amp for practice and a little gig with family and friends.  Puts out pretty good power for a little 5w.  Has a great sound in my opinion.
The Pignose is not the world's best travel amp, or portable amp, or practice amp. It's not very good for vocals, it's inefficient, what with its 40-year old design, and it distorts way too easy. There are far better amps for most purposes from Boss and others that deliver a lot more clean volume, thanks to modern class-D amp technology, and a variety of digital effects to boot.BUT... there is one area where the Pig prevails. If you're looking for the sound of a big overdriven amp in the studio, or miked on stage, the Pignose will give you that sound for less than the cost of one good quality overdrive pedal. By opening and closing the box, you can get a range of cabinet sounds from the open-back Fender to the classic Marchall sealed cab, and everything in between. Frank Zappa recorded a lot of his guitar parts using nothing but his SG running into a Pignose, and he got fantastic sounds.Beyond that, it's cool looking, reasonably rugged, and even has pegs that allow you to hang it from a guitar strap. Every rocker needs one.
I just purchased the mic stand for my desk at home. It does the job well. If you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. Many adjustments to get just the right position. It's definitely not a performance mic, as it does feel a bit filmsy, but, you won't notice the flimsiness except for when you're adjusting it. Adjusting it is a tad tedious, but, you can get a really good position with the microphone after a couple minutes.I've mounted my Samson Q1U Dynamic Cardioid USB microphone to it. It works well for sure. Then, I attached the standard pop filter, and the microphone started tipping it over. Make sure the boom is aligned with a leg extension, or it will tip over if there's too much weight. Just find something semi heavy and find a way to attached it to the existing counter-weight, and it will be excellent. So this mic won't play nice with your large condensers + pop filters + shockmount at the start, but, just find a good counter weight and all will be well.It looks great, and will definitely be easy on the eyes in any room. It was a good investment, and all in all, you definitely get what you pay for. If you're hesitant on attaching a lot of stuff to it, then, I would recommend shelling out a couple more dollars for a sturdier stand.But atleast for me, it does the job, and does it well.
Just got this stand today.First impressions are always important, and this stand gave me a good impression.It seems to be made solid enough, not like some cheap off brand crap.The base is solid and heavy to keep the stand from falling over.The telescope mechanism is quite well made.Comes with a cable clip and an adjustment piece for smaller mic adapters.I got mine set up to extend up to 3ft tall. It's quite the perfect height for when I'm seated on my stool.One thing I did not quite like about the construction is the crew on rod to the base place. It unscrews easily when the mic stand is moved. Maybe adding something to keep it screwed in?Would recommend to others.Probably will be buying a few more to mic my amps and cabs.
Rock Solid! Sturdy! Everything about it is exactly how you would want it to be. I use this to MIC my Blackstar 2x12 Cab with an SM57
I look at many stands before I brought this one, the rating were great and I'm very pleased with the purchase.  If I need another stand I will buy this one again with no hesitation.
Its much better than what I got with my violin.  Its been good I can't really complain, considering its basically tree sap.
The rosin does the trick, and it's cased in a nice wooden holder, so it shouldn't crack easily (unlike those round rosin containers).
really cool looking rosin, works well and is just overall awesome, you cant break it either becuase its in wood
I just put this on my Dot Hollowbody.  It's a big, heavy guitar and this strap looks good and does the job.  I like how it looks and feels and would buy another one just like it.  The price was great, had the Gibson name on it and was a great value.  5 stars.
Got this for my electric guitar.  I am able to adjust it to the length I play with.  Very sturdy guitar strap.
i love the design, and the strap holds up very well. i would reccomend to anyone who likes gibson or the lightning bolt symbol.
I hope there had been a closer picture of the product.I was a little surprised when I got it because it doesn't look as great as I imagined.The white lightning is stamped on the black strap, the same goes for the GIBSON name on the end of it.Maybe it will get better looking in the long run.
Had this strap for 20 years now and still going on strong. Just a simple well made product that does the job. Perfect for those who use the instrument very high on the chest. Looks classic too!
A perfect match for the original I replaced.  These fit the American sized pots perfectly.  The price at Amazon was the best I could find without buying used crap.
I like replacing pickguards, truss rod covers, knobs, etc. on my guitars. This is a nice part.  Looks awesome on my Les Paul Traditional Desert Burst.
These are stylish and fit perfectly on my guitar.  They are even and not warped like the stock ones were.
Like all Gibson products, this is high-quality polish that one would use on a high-quality guitar. I have used Gibson polishes for 38 years....
I bought this recently and I love it. Why?  It has no &#34;smell&#34;, it leaves no residue on your hands, it's very &#34;light&#34; but yet it cleans, shines, and polishes your guitar beautifully.  It leaves a protective coating on the guitar which not only protects the finish, it also makes it ultra-shiny glossy and brings out the rich deep colors. This is fantastic stuff. If you own a guitar this is the best product out there. But what else can you expect from a US company like Gibson. I was very suprised that it was this effective. This little bottle goes a long way. I have already polished all of my guitars and my friend's guitars and I still have more than 1/2 a bottle left. If you need to polish your guitar look no further. This is your best choice.
The cloth that comes with the product is a high quality polishing cloth but some idiot thought it was best to package it stuck to the bottle with a glue button that leaves glue stuck to the cloth. This glue is only removable after a expensive bath using Goo Gone or similar glue dissolving solution, then washing with warm soapy water by hand and rinsing thoroughly in clear clean running water until all soap is removed, then hanging the cloth up to air dry, preferably outdoors in the sunshine if you have that available. The cloth is so nice it is worth the time-consuming and correct method of cleaning, but is not why you buy a product that is supposed to clean and polish in the first place. Somebody better redesign the packaging for this product as the Gibson cleaner polish is first-rate and puts a high lustrous shine on the guitar surface which comes out bright, dry and hard almost like having used a high quality paste wax but without residue. Very good stuff, very irresponsible packaging for the convenience of the factory I assume but without forethought to the customer's needs.
I bought this to get the grime and finger prints off of my Les Paul before putting it on eBay to sell. Worked great. Didn't harm the finish at all.
This is my second condenser microphone and I have to say that I love it. I previously owned an Audio Technica 2020 condenser mic which sounded thin and not as natural to me. I noticed that this mic does not really boost any frequencies like some other mics do in this price range. With this microphone, what you hear with your ears is basically what you get. Of course, room acoustics and microphone positioning all play a large part in the final sound.I use an Alesis mic preamp with a Focusrite 2i2 interface and the recordings sound clean. Another thing to mention, this is a variable pattern condenser mic. However, even with all the polar patterns that this mic has to offer, I usually just leave it on cardioid since I mainly use the M179 for vocals. Although I usually only record vocals, I also record electric guitar, acoustic guitar, and drums with the same microphone.Overall, my experience with this microphone has been pretty great. I think that for this price, it will be hard to find another microphone that can perform on the same level.
I sent it back, probably due to my ignorance.  Has multiple patterns to collect sound.  Was a clear mike but I didn't detect any body to the sound.  Maybe a preamp would have helped.  I checked out many mikes and ended up with a Rode NT-1A which is probably similar in character.  My goal was to record my voice without color and this came close.  I wonder how this could have a zillion ratings of five stars?  Suspicious ratings to me.  Now that I have more experience I would be curious to check it out.  But since I found a good solution I don't think it's worth the effort.
Ok here's the deal...I'm just a small home studio type of guy, and honestly I wasn't expecting much when I shelled out the $120 for this mic.  I have just always seen it around and I thought it would be a solid choice for my first multi-pattern mic!  The first time I recorded with it, I had it on omni mode and played some acoustic....it sounded amazing!  I can't believe this mic is that good.  Crisp, clean sound (who cares if it's made in China like that one guy says?), and very flexible usage.  I've since used it on toms, acoustic, a room mic for amps, and even some background vocals, and it has shined every time!So if you're like me and looking for a low-price LDC with multiple patterns, GET THIS.  You won't be disappointed at all!  :)
this mic gives a great range of recording purposes! Seems well built and rugged, the only complaint I have is that the face plate on the front fell off after only a month of light use, they must use a cheap adhesive for it, I had to clean both surfaces and give it a dab of gorilla glue to get the plate back on
Got mine for under 130, and it's a great Mic.  I can use it for vocal tracks, or recording for webcasts that kind of thing, or recording studio guitar sounds etc.  Awesome mic.
I've done a good bit of recording over the years. This microphone has very very low self noise, low distortion and a continuously adjustable variable pattern.I've listened to and recorded with this mic and compared it to many other high priced options. This mic is outstanding, the sound of the mic simply disappears  . . . it records just about anything presented to it very naturally with great detail, but without hype or over brightness.I applaud CAD for keeping the price low which provides a great mic for drum mixing which would not be possible at the price point of this  more expensive functional competition.
Great all round pick, one of my favorites.  Easy to grip and are pretty quite.  They wear out extremely fast though.
Years ago I used the Clayton &#34;small teardrop&#34; picks. I couldn't tell from the picture, that these were full size, and I didn't check the size in the description.  I still had a few of the small ones, so I used them as templates, to cut these down. I would have rated them higher, if I could have used them as is. It's my own fault for not looking at the specifications. I purchased two six packs of Clayton Teardrop picks, but found Dunlop 423R60 0.60mm (Orange) Tortex Small Tear Drop Guitar Picks, 36-Pack which are a lot cheaper.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...I still think it takes a bit of brightness on bypass but when it's on it's great! I've been thinking on using it mainly as a boost for leads but it sounds so much better with it i can't seem to turn it off!it's light, small and it looks well built but only time will tell how resistent it is but hey for 30 bucks it's a great deal!This is a good EQ for an excelent price, not an excelent EQ so i give it a 4 out of 5 and look forward to testing some others danelectro pedals.
For your money I can't recommend the EQ enough. It's cheap, works well, and is small enough as to not clutter your pedalboard.
I been playing guitar for 12+ years now. I play lead and rhythm. I needed a good EQ to sometimes scoop the sound a bit since I have a variety of guitars and they all sound different (some too much on the low and the others too much on the high). I don't like interfering with my mixer and amp settings and decided to get a pedal EQ instead. A boss EQ is solid and all yes but cost ALOT more. This EQ achieves almost the same results and I paid less! It has it's own level BTW.
I wasn't expecting much from this pedal but it has been a pleasant surprise. I use it to zero in the tone of my Alvarez acoustic for live shows. The pedal is quiet and solidly built. The price is great too.
This is a basic EQ pedal, that is a bit noisy in my testing. Even when running on battery power, there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs.
For a cheap EQ it does great. Sometimes though when I hit the switch the light turns on and there is a second before the signal comes back. If it was not for that it would be a 5 star rating. I am not too worried about it because the pedal + loop pedal is still cheaper then the MXR or Boss Eq's
I needed an EQ pedal since my current amp has no way of adjusting it's EQ. Most distortion pedals I plugged into it ended up sounding way to &#34;bassy&#34;, and so I bought this in hopes that it would help clear that up a little. I really didn't expect much since this pedal was so cheap; and for a brand new one at that; I was completely surprised that this worked and also helped improve the overall sound by fiddling with each band adding a nice richness to the overall mids. If you're looking for a cheap way to dial in your tone for your guitar, I'd recommend this.
I bought this EQ pedal to use with a 70's amp project. I replaced the speaker and needed some mids so I bought this pedal to use for a clean channel. The EQ and boost works great for being a plastic box. I have seen the F&C; be called 'pure gold in a plastic box' on a Telecaster forum and read reviews all over the net saying the same thing.The EQ works wonders for tone and is priced less than it's MXR and Boss counterparts. I am not going to rehash all the other reviews, but I use it with a bass/guitar amp and it works surprisingly well with the old amp and a passive bass. The boost combined with the 2 low bass EQ's works wonders for low end.I use a Boss GE-7 EQ pedal with a different amp, and the F&C; works as well as the Boss as long as you don't mind the cheap construction from Danelectro. I do not gig with the pedal so the plastic doesn't matter to me. I am wondering how long the switch will last though, but at this price, who can be critical.Some Danelectro pedals can be sorted into the novelty realm, but this one is actually very functional and can open up all new sounds. I also tried the EQ with a Telecaster and the pedal gave me alot more bass and low end. I hope this lasts as long as my old all plastic FAB distortion that I bought used for $5.
These Danelectro pedals are great quality for the money. I use this pedal behind my dirt pedals for added flexibility and bringing out some more "brilliance" to the tone. The case is plastic, not very attractive, and perhaps not very sturdy. Also the button to push down for the effect leaves a bit to be desired -- it doesn't feel very solid. But I intend to use this more for recording than live use, so I'm not worried about that. Anyway, there aren't many EQ's on the market, and for the price, it can't be beat. I would recommend it.
This pedal, fish and chips, which i find it to taste nothing like, works nicely.And was pretty cheap..I've heard some complaints/worries about the flimsiness of the plastic.As of 03.13 the plastic seems pretty thick/durable.The switch does seem of a poor quality, but if it did break im sure either send it in and get a new one or put a nicer switch in yourself.As for noise, It doesn't seem to add much, unless you have the gain switch at the end turned up high, and with distortion and what have you.I haven't gotten to blast (play bedroom level, technically) since i've gotten it, but it sounds good through the headphones.I'm using a squire strat, fryette sas distortion, now the fish and chips, boss me-50 all running into, for now, my vox vt20+, which is outputting to my headphones. soooo...Its sounding nicer that way.I cant wait to get it through my other amps.I've also heard of very very short battery life. I've got the standard 9v i think from planet waves and it's powering it just right, so far.Tomorrow's the real test, a few hours at least
I have a Fender T Bucket acoustic guitar and I put heavy guage strings on it. As beginner these strings were not good for me. I tried these and they blow away the heavy guage strings. Good quality. Glad I bought these.
Arrive on time and as described.  I have yet to install but do not expect any surprises as have used these strings in the past.  I have read many of reviews on guitar strings as well as talked to many different guitarist.  Pretty well  all have their favorite set of strings.  What is interesting is they do not all agree on a specific type and/or brand.  So I reckon each has to find their own.  So far these strings have worked for me but am still experimenting to find &#34;the ones to love&#34;!
Ernie Ball is really on to something with the Slinky series, offering a nice range of weights. I swear by the Slinky, after being conned into a a set of Mexican-Made Martins.
SLAP THESE PUPPIES ON YOUR TEN DOLLAR SQUIER AND YOU'VE GOT YOURSELF A $2000 GUITAR.I'd describe the sound as a bit &#34;metallic'ish&#34;, definitely a sharper tone.
Heard good things about the Ernie Ball Slinky string set and decided to give it try on our son's Taylor GS Mini.  Replaced the worn out strings out of that guitar and he is back in business.  Honestly though, it is hard to really compare strings, these seem fine and currently I see no reason to try another brand.  In conclusion, I see no reason not to buy and install these again.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I have found the perfect strings and these are not them.I will use these for my lower end stuff I will probably sell anyway.  We all have our preferences but I'm not an Ernie Ball fan.  They're cheap though.
No matter the weight selections, I've found the Ernie Ball Slinky series a worthy pairing for my acoustics.  Theyy're responsive and twangy.
These guitar strings are nothing special, and based on the amazingly low price nobody should expect them to be. They work well, look good, and are fairly durable at a very low price. I was remodeling an old Behringer and all I wanted was a fresh, shiny set of new strings. For playing, they sound pretty good. Best part, in my opinion, is that they're made in America, as well as the majority of Fender products. If you want to spend the extra money, I'd stil recommend Ernie Ball over these, or perhaps simply a higher quality pair of these Fender strings. You get what you pay for. As far as shipping, Musician's Friend did a great job getting the order out quickly. I'll be ordering from Musician's Friend again.
I have tried nearly every kind of popular strings out there. I've used ernie ball, fender, prs, just all kinds. When I bought my first real fender guitar it came with fender strings and I loved them. So when I needed more strings I just got fenders. I am happy to say that I will prolly never buy different kind of strings again. They are so clean sounding and have a pure vibe to them. GREAT strings.
There are something special about these strings. They ring so bright and beautiful. I absolutely love them for my fenders. I honestly don't use them on all of my fenders but they are on my tele. They're gorgeous sounding, especially when new.
Don't know what it is but I love the sound of these strings, placebo? Maybe but IMO these are the best sounding strings I've played with.
I use Fender strings and I have used many other brands as well.  I like Nickel for the reduced fret wear and the sound.  I change out my strings about monthly and if a particular guitar is being used quite a bit I can go 2 to 3 weeks for hard playing.I started using Fender strings with the Stratocaster bullet strings as they are specifically designed to fit into the tremolo bridge on the strat.  They sounded great.  I use these for my telecaster in 10 -46 (factory spec) and they are real nice too.I do not recommend using stainless steel strings on guitars because stainless strings are like using stainless steel files on your frets.  I have seen some real damage in some cases in a relatively short time period.  Stick to nickel and you will be glad you did!
We geetarists are a funny bunch: we'll change out pots and caps and pups from our axes and amps all day long, and spend a fortune doing it. But sometimes we could make more tonal difference by just spending five bucks!Case in point: pure nickel strings. Time was when that was all there was...and gee whiz, that was a time when good guitar tone ruled. Coincidence? Nope. These things just sound better, if by better you mean warmer and with a subtle feel that your fingers will convey to your brain in milliseconds. If you're used to wrapped strings, and you like to play blues or classic rock or pretty much anything but metal, these might be all you need to make your rig sound a whole lot sweeter and smoother and just more musical in general. Especially if you use tubes.Tubes and pure nickel are like Gilmour and Strats or Angus and SGs. They just fit.I'm not nuts about Fender acoustic strings, but I like their normal electric strings fine, though Ernie Ball Slinkies have been my go-tos for many years. But these Fender pure nickels are very very nice, and at 4.75, they're a real deal. Most pure nickels run nearer to ten, and these sound pretty much the same, and I don't seem to break many of 'em neither. If you're used to mixed alloy, pure nickels might seem a little "dull", but wait a bit and you'll find that the harmonics are still there when the alloys have faded. Plus the feel is just smoother and nicer under the fingertips. Try a set and see what I mean. It's subtle but it's beautiful.But the main reason I love these is for playing at VOLUME! I turned my modded Hot Rod Deluxe up to call-the-cops levels (the neighbors are getting used to it by now), louder than the drummer by a good chunk, and I got: less squealing, warmer tone by far, and full chords, triads and double stops that felt and sounded smoother and grinded with more harmonic warmth than any alloy string I've ever used. I think there's an electrical cohesion between pure nickel and good pups and tubes that is simply sublime. Check out BB's tone on the legendary Live At The Regal to hear what I mean. That's the stuff.So, if you haven't tried pure nickels, spend a buck or two more (or maybe less!) than you normally do and give these bargain-priced nickels a try. You might find that you're a convert within seconds. I know that my ears sure love them when things are really cranked up; those Zep and Jimi riffs just sound and feel so much more right with pure nickel. And digging into some Otis Rush or Billy Gibbons licks is like night and day. The bluesy stuff just begs for pure nickels.Hell of a bargain at less than five bucks.
You want a Fender to sound like one, and using these strings helps with that. I have them on a MIA Telecaster and they stay in tune and have good sustain. I'm happy with them.
I like these 9-42 Pure Nickel strings ... nice tone, work well on my Stratocaster with Fender locking tuners ... great combo, even with ghost bends, slides, and pounding with Drop D and Open G tuning.
You can't beat these, for the price. I use them on 3 of my guitars (2 27&#34; scale baritones in A and B, and a 24.75&#34; standard scale in C#)I got a 12-pack (elsewhere) for under 4 bucks a set. They sound really good. No breakage problems, etc.
These came on my American Tele in 2004, and I've been buying them ever since.  Sweet action, durable, and very affordable.
I think they did it right splitting the light and medium gauges. What resulted for me was the perfect gauge string. They almost sound as good as mediums but feature the playability of lights. I also think these strings last a decent amount of time, particularly if you wipe your strings after playing (which I need to get better at doing). Bottom line: I highly recommend these; they are the strings that I use and have been using for several years now.
I've always played on light gauge strings and really wanted more sound out of my guitar so I found these and just took a gamble on this medium/light set and I was not disappointed. There was an immediate notice in sound difference and also the playablility of my guitar became a little more challenging. They offer a very warm tone with very good balance overall throughout the strings. I've always liked Ernie Ball strings and these were a great starter set for me to upgrade to. Would recommend to any level of guitar player!
I had changed my strings with some new Martins I got recently. They were bloody awful! Luckily, I'd also picked up a package of these Ernie Ball strings. First of all, they were packaged better than the Martins, they went on more easily and after I tuned up, they sound SO much better! Thank you Ernie Ball, for making far superior strings. My guitar thanks you as well (grin).
i was pretty happy with them when i got them and finally used them and will likely pick up more once i need them.
I always LOVE THESE!Moreso because I am not getting ripped off by a Brick & Mortar shoppe for a tool of the trade.
This set of strings is fantastic. I've been playing for over ten years now, and have tried everything from Elixirs, to D'Addario, to Martin, to John Pearse (you see where I'm going with this?)and many more.I have to say that for the money, these strings are in a class of their own.  When I first started playing I loved the coated strings.  I wouldn't buy anything but Elixirs for years!  Then I got married and money became tight, and for $15 a pop, a set Elixirs wasn't looking as good as they used to.So I tried every other set of strings under the sun for about three years.I finally landed on these Earthwoods by Ernie Ball.  Amazing!They are not coated, but after a while I got used to that, and now actually prefer non-coated strings.These really do bring out the "earthy" tones of my dreadnought.  And the Medium Light set is just perfect!  Nice size high E string so I don't feel like I'm going to snap it when I do a pull off, and good bass response.All in all a fantastic set of strings that you can't afford not to try.And at $5, why wouldn't you give them a shot?
These just sound flat in comparison to Elixir Nanowebs and they don't feel as good either.I guess I just prefer coated acoustic strings.
I use these strings on my gig guitar because the are light enough I can play a couple hours without shredding my fingers but they are big enough to give it a nice warm sound
I purchased several of thes Fender Mini stands because I don't have a lot of sapce for my guitars and I fold these up and stick them in my closet when need  I don't need them.For approx. ten bucks you can't go wrong. They work as well as bulkier more expensive stands
It is not the size for mini guitar. May be for the big one...Connections are shaky. You will surely notice that the quality is toooo low.
Total flimsy junk. It leans WAYYY too far back. I'll be damned if I put my $1000 guitars on these things. On the other hand, ChromaCast makes one that's very close to this price, and I doubt that it could have been more for the money I paid.In summary... DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
Excellent compact guitar stand. Folds so small that it easily fits in guitar case or gear bag. Not as stable as some stands but for the size and price, can't be beat. Thanks to Amazon for offering such a good product.
I love these little guitar stands. They are small enough to go anywhere with you, and they are cheap enough that you can keep a couple of them around. Which is good if you are as clumsy as I am.The last two of these that I have owned met untimely deaths. The first was on stage and since it is so small I tripped over it on the back of the stage. The second one I tripped over and ended up falling off of the stage. I know, I know... but they really are cool little stands, and I just bought another one lol. I am a glutton for punishment!
This stand is designed to work on electric guitars, not acoustic or acoustic/electric guitars.  The arms that support the guitar are short and not adequate for acoustic guitars.  This is however perfect for my LP and SG guitars.  I love its size and portability.
...for something, but not a guitar.  Wasn't sure what to do with it so I now use it to mount a large cookbook, or notepad computer, so I can follow a recipe.  It seems to work okay for that.  Just don't use this for guitars.  An electric guitar will slide out and fall because it leans back too far, and the arms have no grip.  This thing was obviously created by a monkey in some closed door creative testing experimental project.  It may even give you AIDS!  But probably not.  However, animals could have been harmed in the making.  But most likely, and in reality, it will not hold your guitar in a safe manner.
Fender came up with a fine electric guitar holder - one of two new models, the other for acoustic guitars. Well built, reliable, folds up, takes little room to care around. Ideal for gigs as well as studio and home. Solid performer. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
I needed some little, easy, and portable guitar stands for the stage.  This does it perfectly, well.  While being light and portable.
The fender mini electric guitar stand is not made for the fender / Squire mini guitar. the guitar falls through. I will have to buy a differant stand for him, rendering this one useless. The fender stand for standard guitars will not work on the 3/4 size ether.
I've bought a half dozen of these to keep in all my cases or gig bags. Sturdy, stable and reliable. Not a big fan of Fender accessories, but they got this one right.
I have two of these stands, the electric guitar/bass version and the acoustic version. Back to buy a second electric guitar version as a spare or to keep in my guitar case. Yes -- folded up it WILL fit in my tweed Fender electric guitar case alongside the neck of the guitar (I DO always keep it IN the included stand bag to ensure I don't scratch or bump it against my guitar). Great at this price too, buy several!
This fender mini guitar stand works great.  It has cushin/ padding so my guitar is safe - it's small but stady.  All in all--Good purchase.
Easy to pack, easy on the instrument, light weight but sturdy. An excellent value and a great gift idea too!
this thing is sturdy, inexpensive, and does it's job.  no scratches or anything on my taylor.  it falls over now and then but only when i run into it
This is an good stand for situations where there aren't too many threats to your guitar (running dogs on the porch, reeling drunks at a bar). Get a heavier stand or a wall hanger if you have a fabulous vintage Martin or a handmade Henderson. Overall, well worth the price.
It is so small and cute and totally fits my guitar with and without the bag. So if it is outside the bag of course I can showcase my guitar. The guitar inside the bag fits perfectly too. It stands as it should and it was a snap (literally) to set up it was like three steps or something. Wow. I am very impressed considering the price!!!!
this little stand is great.  I am looking at it right now, across the room, holding my Zager guitar.  it is light, non obtrusive, holds the guitar well, and it is portable when Mr. Guitar and I take a trip together.  I highly recommend it.  keeps that guitar off the bed, floor, table or anywhere else it is not really suposed to be.
Not your average Giant Clumsy Guitar Stand, but it works. The only drawback is that it is literally not big enough to provide a very stable base of support. If you have toddlers or rambunctious dogs, or even fairly large cats, a larger stand might be a better choice. If your household is quiet, this is very much a good bargain.
I haven't really used this guitar stand because I have been keeping my acoustic guitar in the case so I can keep the humidity nice adding water to a sponge I cut and placed into a plastic bag that I poked tiny holes in with a small nail.  The stand works as advertised.
This little guitar stand works very well.  I like it much better than the larger stands that support a guitar by the neck.
This stand folds into a pretty small package, but supports the guitar very solidly. You would almost have to INTENTIONALLY knock it over, I don't think a casual bump would do it. The only complaint I would have is that the guitar leans back a bit far. My other stands are pretty standard, with a vertical riser to support the neck, and I'm used to a more upright stance. Maybe that's just a matter of taste, but otherwise this is a great stand.
This item does the job. I don't have any real marks against it but I've seen better stands out there.
This little stand collapses and sets up so easy.  Holds my guitar perfectly.  May buy one for my dad next!
Fender's new Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is one of two new stands, the other is for electric guitars. Sturdy, reliable and easy to take on gigs or use in the studio or at home. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
If you perform at gigs, you know what a hassle it is transporting all your stuff to and from the venue.  This is a very handy stand for keeping your guitar upright and safe where size and weight are important considerations.  I used to bring along a much heavier stand that wasn't really designed for portability to keep my guitar from being knocked around.  This stand does the trick beautifully.  Nice job, Fender.
this stand is small but does the job.and folds up in to a small package.i have one for each guitar
It was cheap to buy but works just fine. I thought it might not be tall enough to hold my guitar securely but it does. The arms are coated with a soft material that prevents scratching. It is small but the arms stretch to hold almost any guitar securely. Perhaps it might be too light for a very heavy guitar. In that case, I would recommend a stand that is taller and heavier.
Extremely lightweight, compact and portable, it folds up really small so that you can carry it in your guitar case, gig bag or tuck it in the back of your amp,
I folds down to a very small size but is quite strong. I have a dreadnaught resting on it now, ready for use. It should work very well with any size acoustic guitar. Sitting by itself, the stand is small enough to be out of the way but is able to hold my precious guitar securely when put to use.  When I get another guitar, I will get another Fender stand to go with it.
My guitar doesn't fall down anymore.  Looks nice, displayed in the corner of my office.  Very light, but sturdy and is portable.  The only &#34;Fender&#34; I'll ever be able to afford!
This stand feel sturdy and strong.Compact design on stand and folding for travel.Good for acoustic and electric guitars.Thick non scratch foam is a plus.Love it.
I take workshop style guitar courses at a local Vo-Tech in a room that could not be any less suited to the purpose. People set their guitars on the desks from which they sometimes fall. Bad scene (sounds like an old "El Kabong" cartoon), and not what I want to have happen to my new Seagull Artist series guitar. This little Fender stand easily folds up into a package small enough to fit in the storage pocket of my deluxe TRIC case so I can take it with me to class.It's not the sturdiest, most secure or most stable design out there, but given it's extreme portability and the use I'll put it to, it's going to work great.
GREAT strings!  Good quality and very good sound.  These seem a lot more stable than the 10-46 I had been using.
i play metal / hard rock and have used many different strings, these give the best tone and depth you need to play hard music
Feels great, sounds great, there's a little bit of magic in these strings. High quality classics add a touch of class to your sound.
Works just fine. Except the little knob that's supposed to take out the parts that hold in the strings (the little pins or whatever) it doesn't grip onto mine (I have an acoustic jasmine takkamine) so I had to get out pliers from my toolbox, but that's okay. One size doesn't always fit all. Good price.
I won't rant about a string winder..  They aren't that technical of an item but I do like the string cutter.  I do almost prefer the pin puller on the cheaper units but I am not going to be that picky..  This unit works just fine and I am sure that I will lose it before It breaks..
This is basically the Leatherman Multi tool for guitarist. By Leatherman, I really mean Planet Waves - The go to, sure shot company that will provide solid guitar products and accessories (I buy cables, picks, straps from Planet Waves so.. I guess you could say I'm a fan of their company) And by multi-tool, I really mean this Pro Winder String Winder and Cutter. Everything you need to know is in the title! It helps to wind your guitar strings, the grip is comfortable and durable, and once you've tuned your guitar you can clip off the excess guitar string. Awesome! But wait... there's more (I should be on an infomercial) There's also a nifty little pin puller for when you re-string your acoustic instruments. For the price, this does everything and more... I recommend if you need a winder, just buy this. You'll take out 3 birds with one stone, even if you only needed to take out one bird...... if that makes sense? Cheers!
i always keep these around during string changes. i prefer the bass version to this if you can find it
It works pretty well on my ukulele, however it left several dents and scratches on the tuners of my ukulele.
I ordered the product thinking it was going to be the answer to all my dreams, but alas, I was wrong. The winding apparatus works beautifully, but the cutter doesn't allow me to get a short enough cut on the strings for my preference, so I'm back to using metal pliers to snip the strings close to the post. All in all, a good product to have if you don't have pliers on hand or don't mind getting a closer snip.I cannot comment on the peg remover since my acoustic doesn't have pegs - luckily, the strings are fed through the slots on the back of the bridge, which I think is a much better design than guitars with pegs to hold strings in place. Each to their own, I suppose.
Use it every time I restring my guitar, works really good. I recommend this to any musician that plays regulary.
I found this tool to be convenient and better made than I anticipated, making it a solid value for the money.  No need for a collection of separate tools anymore.
This does a fine job of cutting even a thick E bass string. Very pleased. Also works to cut ukulele strings! Hooray hooray hooray.
String changes usually take me 10 to 12 minutes each but I restrung all 3 of my guitars in less than 13 minutes (one is a floating tremolo). The spanner is smooth, the cutter is strangely very clean cutting (usually use electrician wire dykes) and the pin puller is nothing fancy, but does the trick quickly. Awesome little tool and very impressed with it. A++++ on every function, would consider maybe putting a few small rubber inserts on the handle for those sweaty hands, but other than that, it's perfectly perfect. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I probably should buy another one for other guitars, but I carry in my electric case.  I'm sure the day I will need it, I will have acoustic with me!  I use different method for my bass, but this is perfect for 6 strings!
This tool does exactly what it is supposed to do and is a reasonably priced product.  As with any tool there is a small learning curve just to become familiar with the way it functions.  After using it a couple of times I can only give it high marks.
This is an indispensable tool for all guitarists who constantly change strings. It is like the swiss army knife for string winding.
Works well for a multi-tool.  personally you could get away with a little crank winder and a wire cutter, but this is nice to have in your bag just in case.  And for the price you really can't beat it.  3 tools in one handy spot.
Great concept....everything rolled into one product.  Winder, String cutter and end pin remover.  The price is fair for all that.
Before bying this product, I doubted a little whether or not this gadget wouldd cut the metale strings. I received it and the first thing I did is try it. IT CUTS THE MEDAL STRINGS LIKE BUTTER. I used to use whatever I could find around the house which was a pain because nothing I tried could cut these metal strings. The winder I'm not going to use, but perhaps people with tired fingers would want to use it.
I wind long-scale bass strings onto my unusual super-short-scale 26"-scale, six-stringed bass instrument, so I'm betting I get more use out of this thing than about anybody. This device is much easier on my fingers and hands and much, much faster. The cutter worked great, too. Changing strings is no longer a dreaded chore. Can't ask for more than that.
I realy like the cutter. The only thing, for me, was the peg winder was getting in the way.With just a simple screw it comes right off. I much prefer it without the winder. Build quality is awesome. Sturdy and a bit weighty. Definitley worth a buy.
I have tried a few and this is the one I settled on if you need a multi-tool.  The cutters rip through bass strings like butter and seem to hold up.  The winder is nicely balanced and the grip is good.
These things are great. No more twisting for 5 mins per string, no more running around the house looking for a pair of clippers. For the price, its definitely worth it imho.
Perfect for re-stringing your guitar.  Very portable too and fits in my gig bag with spare strings.  The price was right too.  This is a must have tool and isn't cheap like most of the plastic ones out there.  The nice thing about this one is it  cuts off excess with ease, just looks better trimmed neatly.5 star product
After getting tired of spending a half hour each time changing strings, I finally caved and bought this nifty little gadget. I just wanted a string winder at first but thought this one was kinda cool and reasonably priced too. I didn't expect the string cutter to be as well as it is. I thought my wire cutters would be much better but the cutter on this baby is just as great! It also has a pin puller which I haven't tried yet but I'm sure it's great as well. This would be perfect for the gigging or traveling musician, or if you just want a great all in one tool. But this thing!
Primarily purchased to have a string cutter in the guitar case rather than going to get one from my tool box.Found the pin puller did not really work for me, so put my old string winder from 20 yrs. ago back in the case to use that pin puller which worked just fine. Seemed no matter how I tried, I was almost scratching the saddle tried to get that groove under the head of the pins and could never get it to work on a six string steel acoustic guitar.It seems that &#34;C&#34; shaped opening in the end is for stretching strings, and I find that is better done by hand. So really I just use this for the wire cutter feature.  And the string winder itself also works well.
It's so much easy to deal with your guitar using this string winder and cutter! A w e s o m e!
For about $8 you get a string winder, string cutter and an acoustic peg remover all-in-one.What more can you ask for?Mine shows no sign of wear or defects after about a year of use.I have nice wire cutters, etc (I'm an EE) but it is much easier to grab one tool instead of two or three.As for quality, it has an unconditional guarantee, see above.Planet Waves -aka D'Addario- is a well-known name in guitar accessories.To the reviewers complaining about the tool breaking, try using your warranty instead of whining.No manufacturer has a perfect run forever, but at least in this case you have not wasted your money.For the record, I do not work for D'Addario / Planet Waves - but I would not dismiss a job off-hand if they offered it  ;-)
I have used this winder now 4 times.  It does what it is supposed to do and adds to speed and efficiency of the task.
Works a little better at winding strings than the bare-bones winders. The string cutter is very handy. The pin puller, as is usually the case, is a little clumsy to use, but it works.
Finally, a winder that has features and durability designed into it.  The pocket of the winder head appears to be large enough to handle any tuning peg head size and the molded plastic body appears to be thick enough to stand up to a lot of use.  The pivot point doesn't bind when using the winder as has a couple other cheaper models I've purchased (and thrown away) over the years.  The string cutter is a great feature and appreciated, works well regardless of string composition type,...stainless, chromes, core-types, etc.  The price seems fair enough.  I've seen a couple of battery powered models for not much more money, but if you're in that big a hurry to change strings you're living life too fast...... get a 'roadie' to do it for you.... why have to remember to carry spare batteries.
Fast shipping and love this handy little tool, it has everything on it that I need to completely change my strings weather I am home or out somewhere and it is small enough to carry in my guitar case, OH and great price thanks.
This product is something every guitar owner needs.  It is well built, performs well and sells at a very reasonable price.  The sting cutter works well.
No messing around, fits well in bass tuner knobs, spins well and the cutter is good , this is the one to get.
Terrific All-in-One Must-Have Tool for Guitarists!I have been using the older style Planet Waves model of this winder/cutter/bridge pin tool and when it came in I was a little skeptical about the new model.I am happy to see that the changes are relatively minor and if anything it is just a little bit smaller so it will fit inside your case compartment more easily leaving more room for other junk.I have used the Planet Waves tolls for years without any difficulty or problems with breaking, bending, becoming dull or unusable. They keep on keeping on and I have one in every case.Buy, you'll love it, and if not, you can always return it.Hope this helps!
I have one of these in every one of my guitar cases. You never know when you have to replace a string and this is a convenient helper. Cutter, winder and pin puller. Gets the job done and it is inexpensive.
everything you need to make replacing strings nice and easy, add a headstand to hold the headstock up and you are set
nothing fancy, its plastic but the quality is by no means bad. it serves its purpose and is simple which i cannot complain about
I own a lot of guitars and have to change strings often enough, I don't really enjoy changing strings but it needs done, this tool makes it such a breeze I don't know how I ever went without it. It takes me a fraction of the time it used to take changing strings, I can have them all loosened and cut in seconds where before I would stand there cranking one tuning peg for what seemed like forever. I am really happy with this purchase and will check out more stuff from Planet Waves.
What a great multipurpose guitar tool. It works great. I really like the fact that it is cutter, a winder, and a pin remover, all in one. The quality is really nice. Next time I place an order, I'm going to get another one as a spare. I'd be lost without this tool.
Stripped down one of my basses at the weekend, found this very useful, made stripping and replacing strings really easy. Large enough to fit the fender tuners. Have 2 new sets of strings on order so fitting them won't be as daunting a task as without this item.
Does what it is suppose to do. What can you say about a tool. If it works properly, and it does, what more can you say.
Works great for changing guitar strings. Good build and doesn't look cheap. Built-in string cutter and bridge pin remover is a plus.
This tool definitely comes in handy for anyone who works on a guitar. It gets the job done easily and very fast.
A must have for anyone to make changing strings on any guitar especially an acoustic. Really like the clippers and bridge pin puller a lot. Would make a great gift for any musician playing a stringed instrument.
Really helpful both in live gigs and at home.Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand
Its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. Warning for beginners don't get this!!!!
The winder makes a loud and ear piercing squeaking when winding fast. I tried unscrewing it and putting a little oil on the screw head but it didn't make much difference. I hope it goes away with use.The string cutter works like a champ. I was using a set of flush cut nips but they kept getting bent trying to cut the hard nickel and steel of guitar strings. These work much better. They don't cut the string they shear it off. I've done 3 sets of strings and no noticable wear on the cutter.
When i bought this, i didn't think it was going to be as good as it is. It seemed a little plastic-ie from the photos, so i didn't think it was going to hold up very well. It actually really surpassed my expectations however. The winder itself works quite well, and has slots for multiple-sized tuners. It was a little wobbley on my guitar, but still worked well. The wire cutter was able to cut the thickest guitar string with little problem. For 7 dollars, it's a really good deal!
Bought it to replace strings for my Taylor.Does all the job that I need it to perform.Winds the strings fastPulls the pegs smoothlycuts the excess wireDOES NOT SCRATCH MY GUITAR!!!the only issue really is that it squeaks a lot. can be fixed with some oil.
I purchased this before I have ever changed a string. While waiting for it to come - I had to change one. Youtube videoed how to do it. This tool came and while it is nice and I will be sure to use it, It is not a MUST have. But I had wire snips from my jewelry kit available. Not everyone would have those. This will work great! It is sturdy and small.
best tool ever
Cut the strings like they was made of paper.Really good price. Did what it was suppose, no need to say anymore.
An all-in-one guitar tool that is a must-have for any guitar case! Great quality string winder and cutter! Plus, it is extremely low priced! Don't hesitate...get one!
Yes, you really replace your strings very fast with this Winder. And it also cuts the strings. Very helpful. i recommend.
I know that you can easily change strings without paying for a tool to help you out, but honestly this thing is worth every penny. It cuts your changing time down drastically. You don't really know how convenient it is to have the peg puller, winder, and wire cutter all in a little tool until you actually have them all in a little tool. Not to mention, it's very rigid and it certainly seems like it'll hold up for years to come!
This is a handy little tool. The winder is nice and the clipper works well. It doesn't pull the bridge pegs out so it doesn't get five stars from me. And don't be too rough when winding or it will break.
for the price of this winder/cutter its awesome, if it were made with a harder plastic would have been perfect!
I thought it would be resin or plastic.Not so: It was made heavier and nicer.The metal must-have will be in the family a while I can tell.
Does the job well enough
Simply one of the best string winders I have ever used to date and I love it because I having large hands it really makes a difference. Not forget the added string cutter and peg puller to boot. Very good.
This versatile tool does what it says it does.  Pretty good quality. But, after purchasing, I realized that a tool like this isn't too necessary.  Some scissors and a little bit of elbow grease would accomplish the same tasks. But, it does make it a little easier and slightly more efficient.
Every guitar player should own this tool. instead of having half your tool box out just to restring your ax all you need is one tool.
Very handy, has multiple benefits that are very useful. I just had to loosen the screw that holds the winder a bit and lubricated it with silicone spray and done deal!
Makes changing strings a whole lot easier. If you are a guitar player and are changing strings like I was without one of these, stop and get one trust me!
I never had one of these until I had to twist each tuner around 60 times to change a string.  But that's not a problem any more.I used to go through my hardware drawer at home to find wire cutters to trim my string ends.  But that's not a problem any more.And I used to hurt my teeth sometimes pulling tough bridge pins on my acoustic.  But that's not a problem any more either.All solved by one simple tool which is inexpensive and fits easily in my case.  So I'm a fan.  You'll be too.
After you have used this tool for the first time, you say to yourself,...&#34;why did I suffer all those years by doing this manually?&#34; I used to devote so much time to sitting there, winding forever by hand. With this winder, you are done in an amazingly short time. It also does such a precise job on installing the string around the posts, that on the bottom &#34;E&#34;, I did a double take -- it is almost invisible. Thank you to the other guitarists who took the time to do their reviews on this one. Re-stringing is now no longer the chore that I used to dread. Not at all.
The string winder with a string cutter and pin puller is an excellent design. It will be very useful when installing new guitar strings with all of the items needed for the job.My only issue is the shipping charges for such a small item. The shipping cost were almost as high as the cost of the item itself making the purchase of this item an unfavorable purchase price for a single item. If you need an additional item on an order from this seller you need to check the shipping cost or you will not be getting the good price advertised for the item and may consider purchasing it elsewhere.
Does the job, i've had this for about 7 months and it hasn't let me down yet...except for that time I couldnt find it. The winder, the cutter and the pin-pull all work well enough. Noted,  I've only used it to cut Elixir Nanoweb strings and nylon strings and they more on the soft side compared to regular steel strings.
i use to use my hands to turn the tuning pegs and let me tell you that takes forever to take off strings and put them on. also my wire cutter is getting messed up from cutting strings and now that i have this i can change strings faster and i dont have to look for a wire cutter all the time.its small and can fit in the pouch of a guitar case also for people who are new to guitar you dont use this to tune its to put strings on and be careful not to over tune because you will break strings.hands will always be the best when you have to do precise tuning. this is just to get the tuning in the ball park and then using your hands.
I love being able to wind the strings, pull bridge pins and cut excess string with one tool! That frees up space in my hardshell case for other stuff. Seems solid and well built.
I used this a couple of days ago to change strings on my electric guitar (Fender Strat). I was suprised in how well the little wire cutters worked. The end that turns the machine tuners is a little loose feeling but it still works well, you just have to be a little carful about not allowing it to slip and to not over tighten the strings. I highly recommend it.
It's nice having all of the tools on one device. The pin puller is very slim and works better than the puller on the basic string winders. I like to trim my strings and the cutters also work well.
Great quality product. Saves me time winding plus includes a string cutter which is awesome. Highly recommended
This was the first time I've ever used a string winder and cutter. It make the process of replacing the strings so much faster. The tool works great and is sturdy. If you try this you will never go back to stringing by hand Guaranteed.
I have been asking for this for 3 years now, and someone finally got me one.  Nicely built and very handy to have when changing guitar strings.
I purchased this for my guitar lessons studio to teach beginners how to string their guitars properly.To my surprise, I am very impressed with it, now it doesn't compare to a $60 - $100 unit nor is it supposed to, it does it's just quickly and cleanly.
Just changed strings on my Epi Les Paul and this winder\cutter performed flawlessly.  The winder fit the winding keys nicely and didn't come anywhere near touching my guitar's finish.  The cutter snips the strings with no effort.  Huge time saver and works as promised.  Very glad I bought the  Planet Waves Pro Winder String Winder and Cutter .
Works perfect for guitar strings. Used it when I restrung my Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. It has locking tuners, so I was able to use this to cut the strings all the way down.
Alright, for the past 5 years I've been changing my strings with only the help of scissors to cut the unused portion of string, and let me tell you, doing this process on 5 guitars sucks! this tool Is AWESOME! It takes about 3-5 minutes to change strings now and it's well made and durable.the built in wire cutter was an awesome idea and works just fine. I'ts not perfect but neither am I So 5 stars, Would recommend to anyone.
I love this guitar string winder.  The cutter was a real plus so I didn't have to track down my diagonal cutters.
This winder and cutter...winds and cuts fine...But the pin puller does not fit my guitar pins even though the ad claims that, &#34;...it fits virtually all guitars, banjos and mandolins...&#34;  Oh well...another lessson learned.
great little time saver with all that is needed to restring in one compact device..It works well, pretty good buy.
Sometimes it seems more convenient to use my hand to turn the pegs rather than use this, but it does a pretty good job. I really like the string cutter built into the frame, and the peg puller is my favorite feature. Basically, I use this for everything except winding strings.
When I first saw this item I wondered:  Why is the regular guitar version $6.99 and the bass version only $4.99?Suddenly an amazing clarity came over me and I realized-- the bass version only has to tune FOUR strings instead of six.  So it costs less because we don't need to use it as much!But then I remembered there are 5 string bass guitars and I thought, okay... shouldn't they have a $5.99 one for 5-string bass guitars?Sadly the universal clarity became even more muddied when I realized with some dismay that there are even 6-string bass guitars.  Will this even work on a 6-string bass?  After all, that's 2 more strings than its intended purpose!These perplexing questions aside, I find this to be an excellent and ideal tool.  Its function is three-fold:1) String winder2) String cutter3) Peg pullerSo no more running for the wire clippers to pull a peg or cut a string.  All the tools you need to change strings are in this one reasonably-priced tool.  Made by D'addario, the quality lives up to the brand.  It's solid, the wire cutter and peg puller well designed.  It does everything it's supposed to do, does it well and is of good construction.PROS:  Good strong well-designed unitCONS: The winder is held on by a single screw and there are numerous reports of that screw coming unscrewed during use.  I would recommend putting a drop of super glue down in the screw thread area to secure the screw and prevent that happening. Because of this design flaw 4 stars instead of 5.I note that there are reviews here as old as four years... and it appears this device has undergone design changes during that time.  Some say the head bowl is so deep it can result in scratching of the guitar head.  Others report it being so shallow it slips off the keys.What I believe is that it is a mistake to sell the BASS and STANDARD GUITAR version on the same page.  From what I can deduce from the reviews, it appears some folks have inadvertently purchased the BASS guitar version, which does indeed have a wide and deep cup, and did not realize it.  Imho, the two products should be listed on two different pages for clarity.  It's obvious from the reviews that some folks have accidentally purchased the wrong unit.Some have reported the peg puller being "metal" and scratching the bridge.  The one on mine is vinyl and while it is hard enough to scratch the bridge if one isn't careful-- the same holds true for needle nose pliers.Bottom line is there is some responsibility of the user to pay attention to what they're doing, don't get in a rush, and be aware of the need to protect their instrument while using ANY modification tool. I suspect if one is going to get in a hurry and try to change strings 0 to 60 in 5 seconds... they may wind up damaging their guitar.  Turn on the light, put on reading glasses if necessary to see... and take your time and this device should work fine.  Be aware when reading reviews that many seem to be out of date (dunno why the company didn't simply start a new listing when redesigning the device).
Works as advertised. The cutter makes this thing really worth while. If I lose it, I'm buying another! 2 more words required?
Handy dandy little gadget. So much better than using pliers to remove bridge pins, nail clippers to cut strings and much easier to wind strings with this thing. I've got 10 guitars and 3 basses so i change a lot of strings and this definitely makes it less of a chore. Love Planet Waves stuff!
This product is straight forward and works as it's intended.One side note - there is a pretty loud squeak that occurs when winding the strings. I'm not sure if all of them do this but the one I received does. It doesn't cause any problem with the product's performance... it's just loud.
Everything from the string cleaner to the polish works very well.You have to be very careful with the fretboard cleaner because it will dry out the fretboard but the conditioner is included and can be applied after.The string cleaner does not really leave much residue and really does help with string noise.You wont be let down.Dunlop makes good quality products.
I love this system.  Every time I change strings now, I go through every step of this system, and what a difference it has made.  The fretboard cleaner and conditioner are great.  I never realized how dry the wood was.  The string cleaner is nice too.  I feel like I was neglecting my guitars until I got this.  The quantities of product in this kit are good, and the instructions are clear.  The two polishing cloths are adequate size, and washable.
The ultimate guitar cleaning tool I love love love this kit...  I've been using the products for years and I've been nothing but happy with their quality
I hate string noise and a dirty acoustic. This kit covers all the bases from the fret board to the body. My favorite acoustic guitar is over 40 years old and it looks like a brand new guitar and no annoying string noise when I am changing chords or fingering the fret-board.
the best thing I've purchase for my guitars this year , I'm not that careful with my guitars maintenance and never though that my fretboard and body finish need that care until i see a video that explain why is important and the live that obviously the instrument get back after cleaning , the 01 and 02 are the best, restore the live of my fretboard, the cleaner and polish make your instrument body shine , the only one that I've just use once is the string conditioner and cannot say because i use this on my brother acoustic guitar and i don't play with it after the cleaning ,but my guitars strings are new right now maybe i update in a few weeks about the strings conditioner.you can buy this with your eyes close, you wont regret the purchase.
My son was cleaning all his guitars after opening this gift on Christmas morning.  I am pleased with this product.
In general it's OK but when you look at the fine writing on the fingerboard formula it says not to use on Maple; which means I can't use it on either of my Gibsons.  Probably better to just get the lemon oil for that separately.
Love this kit...it has everything you need as well as cleaning cloths....make your axe shine and look like a rockstar.
This kit cleans strings body and conditions the fretboard. It's got everything you need for your high end guitar maintenance.
Everything you need to keep your guitar clean and Polished and sexy! no matter if you are a horrible player like me you will get all the chicks because your guitar looks sexy! the girls will love you and the boys too!
Take some time but it was well worth it.  I've always cleaned the finger boards with rubbing alcohol then used linseed oil afterwards.  This worked great and the guitars buffed up like never before!
got a cleaner/polish/wax type ointment for every part of your guitar. comes with a small rag, and fret polishing pad deal....the fret pad is great and I didn't know about this type of thing till getting this kit. also comes with a step by step/stage by stage instruction pamphlet. worth it to get this kit and replace /add to it as needed.
The Dunlop Guitar Fingerboard Kit arrived very quickly and was put to the test immediately.  I am pleased with the product.  It makes my guitar look new again.  I will definitly look into their other products.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick service.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect but have a few old guitars with pretty weathered looking fingerboards.  I figured I'd give this a try.  I am so glad I did.  I could not believe how much residue was on the rag after I cleaned the fret board, yuk.  Then I used the 02 treatment product to treat it and it really brought out the natural color.  I'd like to say it looks like new, but the guitar is a 1967 so that would be a stretch.But it looks a heck of a lot better, almost new.  I used it on one of my less valuable acoustics, but it's still a '67 USA made Fender.  I have such faith in this that I'm going to do my '77 Gibson acoustic next.Then I have a couple of electrics I will do when I change strings on them.  This stuff is great.
This product is a must for anyone with a rosewood fretboard guitar. My fretboard hasn't been cleaned/oiled in 15 years so it was extremely dry. The cleaner removed visible grime, the polish cloth shined up the frets, but most importantly, the oil returned the fretboard to a deep beautiful color and feel. I am very pleased with the product.
I bought my new guitar and wanted to keep it in great shape.  I guess this kit works okay, but it's hard to use.  It will probably last my entire lifetime.  I think a smaller kit would have been better.  You really need to remove the strings when you use it, so you have to take off all the strings.  I usually only replace one string at a time when I am changing strings, so I had to change my habits.  If you have a guitar without a truss rod, that may mean you will take a lot more time tuning after you're done changing the strings, since the neck will bend more as you tighten the strings one at a time, and that will change the pitch of the strings you have already tuned.  I'm no expert, but I have a gut feeling that this was not money well spent.  However, since I love my guitar, I use it anyway.
I cleaned and oiled the fretboard on my straocaster the day after I received the product. The cleaning product worked very nicely but the oil was hard to get out through the applicator. The fretboard turned out nicely though so I decided to give it a 4 instead of a 3. I have to say though that I believe a big bottle of eye glass cleaner to clean the fretboard with and a good furniture polish would work just as well. Since you only use a small amount the kit will last a long time so it isn't a bad buy. Just remember it isn't recommended for a maple fretboard and could damage it. If you want to use this type of product then I recommend this one.
Has everything you need to keep fretboard in condition.Works well,Seems to hold up well also(treatment lasts for awhile...)Emery cloth for polishing frets is nice,worth $20.00,for sure.....
This set is not for everyone! In fact, you might have to get the neck adjusted after installing this set.  While I can see rockers laying down overpowering riffs with these my goal is to get the lowest action I can on a jazz box.  No question about the quality, though, these hold up the same fine standards as the other Slinky sets.
Awesome strings, did what I needed them to do (Drop A/B). Good tension.Only con is that Ernie Ball strings seem to wear out fast and lose tone. So for now I'm good but in a few weeks I'll need new strings. In which case I'll probably go D'addario or Cobalts.Still, decent strings if you need cheap strings fast.
They work great. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. I use these on an old Gibson semi-hollow body.
I use these in standard tuning on my prs mccarty. The sound is unbelievable. Thick and creamy sound. Lasts slmost 3 weeks before the tone dies. Good price. Good strings.
So these are heavy strings that work well. I did have an issue with the strings messing with my bridge on my guitar but with some more springs it worked well enough.
Tried a heavier gauge string for playing slide guitar on my S.G. It worked out perfectly . I am 66 years old and have been playing Guitar for over fifty years. Of course over the years I've tried other strings but always seem to come back to  Ernie Ball strings . There are no surprises. The quality Is always the same. Also, I believe the very best value for the dollar. From extra slinky to heavy gauge Jazz strings , You just can't go wrong. I am a fairly new Amazon customer and am finding out that that all important trust factor is there and have no hesitation on my part in shopping with them.
these heavy gauge are the main strings I use. Detune great, good harmonics, great presence, I use them across a whole range of genres, from Death metal to Blues to  Funk and beyond!
I have finally discovered that the &#34;perfect set&#34; is a moving target. As arthritis creeps in I find myself playing heavier strings with a lower action, and these work in that respect. Another advantage of usiung this set is that it beefs up the treble side without making the bass side too boomey. (Telecaster, anyone?)
I use earnie ball strings as my backup strings. They don't have as nice and clear a tone as my d'addario or curt mangan strings, nor do they have the life expectancy, however they are cheaper and really easy to bend. Since I can't afford to restring with the more pricey strings every single time, I go with these when I'm practicing. They do break alot when I play some crazy solos, which blows, and is the main reason why I'm not giving them 5s. (No it's not my technique, I've never broken a string on any other brand strings I've tried.) When I'm in the studio recording, I prefer, like I said before, D'addario or curt mangan strings, however to save money, I practice with these strings and I think it's not a bad method, as I go through strings like doritos (I eat doritos alot).
I read a review saying that there bridge was floating out & the strings were hard to tune aswell as their e string popping. I had the exact same experience but i bought two sets since i know uncoated strings dont last long. so i did get to play em but all my strings (except the A & E) popped on both sets within two weeks i knew it was due to my bridge being made to use a whammy bar (which it came with btw)& the tension it put on my tuning pegs what really got me upset about these strings was that they damaged my tuning pegs and now there harder to turn (have to use pliers sometimes) but the strings sound great & if i get a better guitar i might get these more often but for now im staying w/ medium gauge elixirs.
I chose these strings based on reviews I have read on the website. I was definitely not disappointed. This string sound great on solid body electric and hollow body. I have a Dot Studio and the resonance is great for rockabilly. My son loves them for metal. We will continue to use Beefy Slinky strings!
This isn't a review of these strings so much as a warning or caveat for those of you playing guitars with floating bridges (usually for a whammy bar) and not using these heavier strings already.I wanted a little fuller sound than the 10-46 slinky strings (aka regular slinky) and the idea of some driving base appealed to me so ordered the beefy's. I strung them up but had a hard time tuning the guitar. Every time I got the higher strings in tune, the lowers would go down as much as a half note. It took awhile to realize that my floating bridge was coming off the body as I tightened the strings. So I pulled the back plate off my strat and set to off tighten down the the tensions screws. I made about 5 adjustments each time retuning the guitar to check my progress. The final time I tightened them down, the high E string broke. Since these were my only beefy's, my day was done with these strings. However, given how far I tightened the tension screws, I think I would have had to purchase an additional tension spring (not too expensive or difficult to install if you have the inclination to do it) to get the bridge flush with the body.As I said, this isn't a knock of these strings. I never really got a chance to play them. Just a heads up for anyone moving up to these heavier strings. It can be quite a shock the first time your see your bridge sticking out at a 45 degree angle to your guitar and if you aren't careful, you can damage your guitar.
I wouldn't recommend tuning these strings to E however, because the intense amount of tension it takes to tune these to E can cause permanent damage to the neck that not even the truss rod can fix. The highest I feel comfortable tuning these to is E flat. If you are doing anything at or below Drop C sharp, these strings will work out great for you.
Great EXTRA Light POLYWEB strings for guitar.  Really impressed with the PolyWeb!  These are easy on my fingers and the polyweb don't sqeek.
What you gain in string life with these strings you loose in tone. I'm not saying the tone is bad, but it's not as good as quality strings with no coat. That having been said, I'm pleased with them as a string for guitar practice. They last for months without a change in tone. I don;t play much in public venues, so it is not a problem for me to change strings when I do.
These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. We've tried D'Addario, brighter sound (D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set, EXP 80/20 Lite), and Martin, a little stiff (Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150). In the end, these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.As has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. For the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. Fresh strings do sound better. It's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. But I'm not certain these last so much longer. We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. Corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.June 15, 2010 Update: Elixir is a wonderful company. On my third or fourth sets of Elixir strings, the G string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. Elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.The other amazing thing - I've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and I'm still very confused. The Elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. Ther is a two part video from the Taylor factory on how to change strings. I swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. It is so simple and so reproducible. I love this technique.I'm a huge fan of these strings now!
Purchased these strings after having tried the Blue Steel strings.  My son much prefers the Elixir strings. They last a lot longer than the Blue Steel strings did and he says the Elixir sound better, too.
I've been playing guitar for over twenty years now and I've tried just about every guitar string in existance and even these Elixir coated strings.  I've come to realise that the benefits for a slightly longer life barely makes sense given the much higher price you have to pay for it.  Eventually, all strings corrode and lose their lustre and if you are a professional playing gigs, you change your strings so often anyway that to pay much more for polycoating doesn't make any sense.  If you are the kind that occasionally takes out the axe then maybe this would make a difference but what I do is I get the least expensive ones and make sure I wipe down and clean them, even using products like string cleaners and Fast Fret to reduce finger squeak if necessary and my strings last for quite some time as well except at a much lower cost.Few people know this but only a few guitar stringmakers exist in the U.S. and many of them that are retailed are actually the same strings with different brand names.  Granted Elixir probably isn't one of these as they try to make hay with the time they have left on their patent of this polycoating technology but my thing is why pay so much more for strings when the benefit you get is really not so substantial as to justify the price?  I myself use generic Kyser stings for my classical and acoustic guitars and Memphis Electrics for my electric just because they are the cheapest I could find on the web and my sound has not been detrimentally affected in any way.  In fact, you are much more likely to improve upon your sound by using better amps and guitar cables than you are with strings; at least most people would be able to hear the difference.  Don't get me wrong these Elixir strings are not bad but you are much more likely to get a better sound by improving your technique (practice), getting better cables, pickups, amps, guitars etc than from just using these strings.  For better string life, just wipe down and clean the strings before and after use.  This discipline once a habit is good enough.Peace!
Im a huge fan of Elixir's!!!  This, however, is my first go with the polyweb, but there is no disappointment here!!
These are the best strings you can buy, IMHO. There is hardly any noise whilst your fingers slide over the strings when you change chords. I tried other strings but I always come back to Elixir.
This installed easily. A nice feature is ability to unclip the shoulder pad from the mounts on the instrument.  When the pad is installed the strap is very comfortable and eased any shoulder pain I might have had with earlier straps.  A keeper for sure.
I used this strap for the first time during a rehearsal last night. I typically practice sitting down without a strap when I am alone, but stand up when rehearsing or performing with a band. I had previously used a very expensive 2" padded leather cradle type strap, which I really liked. I sold that banjo and the strap with it, but recently re-acquired another banjo and wanted a good strap, but was not willing to pay the $80 again for a premium padded leather strap. I saw all of the great reviews for this strap and the affordable price and took a chance. I am glad I did.This strap may not be as elegant as fine leather, but it is made extremely well and feels very durable and substantial in its construction. What blew me away is that my full tone ring banjo, which weighs about 14 pounds, literally felt half as heavy. It is no joke. At first, the feeling was unnerving, because the strap has some elastic give to it. You get this dual sensation of a) the banjo feeling super light and b) as if the banjo is going to sink to the floor. Paradoxical I know, but that's where the magic of this strap is. It is almost as if the banjo is floating in front of you, but in reality it remains very stable when playing.Like I said, the build quality is outstanding. My only critique of the design is that it is very modern and non-traditional, so you also have to get used to the contrast of a traditional instrument, like a 5-string bluegrass banjo and the newer style and design of this strap.This is not just a good strap for the money rather it is a great strap at any price point. I think I might try these on my electrics (though I already have literally hundreds of dollars invested in a stable of those high end padded leather straps).
Comfortable and easy to adjust for length.Additionally, it easily snaps off the banjo when you want to put the banjo in a tight case...My case is tight around the head, so I unsnap the strap and store it in the case by the neck of the banjo.
This is the most comfortable strap I have ever used.  I have been a guitarist and bassist for over 40 years and although I have only been playing banjo for a short time, this IS the most comfortable strap I have ever used.  The clips look solid and so far they are solid.
The strap arrived ontime and the package was in great condition.  The strap was easy to attach to my banjo and is very comfortable.  I would recommend this strap to anyone looking for a cost effective banjo strap.
Fantastic strap.  Nope, it isn't leather or tooled or all that kind of stuff...  But it is really comfortable and fitted with ease even my CC-OT banjo that has a *really* tight spacing (all the others I tried were a bit of work to fit through the brackets).  Had it on my heavy weight resonator bluegrass, once again extremely comfortable and sturdy, so had to buy another so I can just have one on each.
I got these because I hate changing strings on a floating tremolo any more than I absolutely have to.... at first I thought I may have made a mistake because the tone was all off (super bright sounding on first installation).... played for a half hour and retuned, sounded better. Played for another half hour and retuned, sounded even better. Played for another few hours and they sound fantastic. Will update after I get a hundred hours on them (about 50 days from now). Will say that they handle bends very well and dive bombing deep on the trem hasn't hurt them yet.... VERY IMPRESSED
A bit more expensive then other strings,  But theire worth it,  the tone is outstanding,  They last a long time,  they never rally come out of tune..... and they do last 3x5times longer then any other string I've tryed.  The sustain is great they give a nice soth blusey thone, Not to dark not to bright Just perfect.These string's are worth it!
elixir makes the best guitar strings, electric and acoustic.  they last forever and don't rust.  they sound awesome.  get them.
My new go-to strings. These things last forever for someone who only plays casually. They sound great too. Absolutely recommend it.
I really like the strings they sound very bright and go well with my guitar I do hope they last quite a while I put them on a bout a month ago but that guitar is only lightly played so I will try to update when I change them
These strings are performance value and always give me a great sound.  I have been using Elixir's for 5 years now and they last longer (even in this salty air environment by the beach) and sound better than anything else I have ever used.
Taylor ships this guitar with these strings - and for a good reason!  They sound wonderful - right out of the box! Like with most/all 12-string guitars, lights or extra lights are most often appropriate - the feel of these Nanowbs is smoth and easy and the tome they generate, in tandum with the instrument, bring out it's best resonance and sustainability.Give 'em a try!
I've had these on my Yamaha APX500 for a while now and they sound really good.  A tad brighter than I like, but that's just the nature of the lightness of the strings.  It's real smooth when playing and they seem to be lasting longer than most strings I try.  In fact, I've had these strings on for over 4 months now and they still feel and sound good.
These are my favorite strings.  They last a long time and my fingers don't hurt when I play.  I tried Martin strings once and hated them.
These are my favorite guitar strings! They are very long-lasting and sound great!I would recommend these for anyone, beginners or even people who play seriously or perform. They are very good strings, worth the cost! :]
I have had them on my Loar Guitar for a few weeks and they seem to work fine.  We will see how long they last.  I have used Elixir for electric and while they do last longer I wish it was a bit longer.
I kinda strayed away from the Elixir brand for a little while just "To See" if another brand would sound "better" and in doing so, I wasted time and money.(but I did get some EXPERIENCE) I'm back with the Elixirs now and have no intentions to "Experiment" any more.Simply put............Elixir makes the best Strings for an Acoustic Guitar that I've tried and I "Will Stick with them" because they have Great Sound, last a long time, easy to clean and prevent rust and/or corrosion.
I use mediums but bought these for my nephews Takamine and they sound awesome on that guitar.  Always love these strings.  This kid has not changed his strings in years so I thought I would give hem the best chance of keeping his guitar sounding good for as long as possible.
All I can say is,,, You should try a set of these Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings for yourself. You will not want to go back to any other set of strings. I've been using Elixir strings for many years. They have better feel, sound, and last longer than all other brands I've used playing Guitar. Elixir has excellent quality control too. I've never had a problem.
Lately I have been experimenting with various make of acoustic guitar strings.....to the less and also most expensive strings.  I find the Elixir excellent. My testing is ongoing and cannot give the Elixir a top rating yet. That may change along the way.However, I believe that guitar strings are a bit like food and wine.  What may appeal to my palate may not appeal to someone else's palate.  Therefore, strings that may sound good to my ear may not sound good to someone else's ear.My ears remain attentive to future string sounds.  I also love the d'Addario make.  Which I purchase through Amazon...always.
I love, love, love these strings. Super great sound and super long life. I've had these on my acoustic for over 6 months before, and the sound is still awesome. I'll definitely only buy these from now on.
Elixir strings are great for me.  They hold their tones longer.  They aren't rough textured so they are easier on the fingers.
I've written a review before. They are excellent. Never broke a string, but I only play at home as a hobby. therefore they not abused.
I'll never use another string on acoustics. The reduced finer squeak, the long lasting coating, and the great tone of these strings is wonderful. I've tried a couple cheaper brands recently, both coated and uncoated... but come back to these every time.
I've been using Nanoweb and Polyweb (no idea what the difference is) Elixirs consistently for years now on my Martin Jumbo Cutaway.I periodically try out other brands whenever I see something that might compete, especially when another "extended life" or "coated" string is released. I would happily bail on Elixir at $13 a set if someone offered a cheaper option that worked as well. In fact, I was quite optimistic about the $9 D'Addario EXPs until I heard their tone begin to evaporate after a few days like any other string. Nothing that I've used up to this point has gotten close to challenging the quality of the mighty purple box.The sound you get from these on Day 1 is crisp and beautiful as expected. That's not where Elixirs kill the competition though. It's after 20 hours of play that they show their strength. You will still hear fresh, bright tones from them when any other set would have already crossed into the dead zone. In fact, I typically start breaking them before they begin to sound too dull. I play relatively aggressively and use palm-muting constantly, allowing skin oils to eat right through the strings at the bridge.Saying that the tone lasts 3.5x longer (as stated on the box) might be a stretch but there is no question that you get at least double the life out of these at less than twice the cost of alternatives.If you are an occasional player or a music shop owner, these are a no-brainer. The coating is extremely effective at combating the effects of time and oxygen exposure. For the everyday, aggressive player you will simply get better tone and longer life.One nit-picky point of criticism: the packaging is an issue for me. WHY would any manufacturer still utilize tree-killing paper envelopes that allow strings to get stale? I'm seriously asking! I've got to be missing something here. A shred of plastic sealed around all 6 strings is greener, more cost-efficient, and it keeps the strings fresh (thank YOU D'Addario, I'll never leave your electric strings). I would happily buy Elixirs in bulk if I had faith in their shelf-life. Complaints about these snapping prematurely are probably valid, happening when someone gets a set that's been sitting around for a while. Think of them as a perishable and buy them from places that move a lot of units (like Amazon :)
After about a month and a half I have noticed some corrision on the A and D strings at the 4th fret.  That is a little disapointing because these are suppost to last 3 to 5 times longer than "regular" strings.  I like the way they sound.  They are a little harder to play than the D' Addario strings that I am used to on my other guitar, and the Martins that I have used in the past.  If I still have to change them every 2 or 3 months they are not really worth the extra cost.
They costed twice as much as my usual D'Addarios but after 2 weeks of use, I couldn't be any happier. I've heard only positive reviews about these Elixir strings and now understand why. They are smooth as butter thanks to the coating and sound bright, clean, and crisp. They also make my guitar look much nicer and shinier. A great buy overall.
Regardless of the string itself, I insist on honesty in advertising and marketing.  So when I was earnestly considering ordering this string I read the summary, in which it was stated:"Elixir Strings are coated in a unique way to protect wound strings from your DNA and other contaminants."Ohhhh... protects my string from DNA!  Yeah, that DNA really messes up guitar strings all right.  In fact it's the worst contaminant EVER... worse even than the oils and acids on our skin... worse than the cells themselves that contain and hold the DNA from exposure because the DNA is the blueprint of those cells, contained deep within protective walls.  But somehow that nasty ol' DNA leaks out and contaminates our guitar strings!Honestly.  It's like none of us have ever attended a biology class because we're musicians?As I read the reviews, I noted review after review after review that seemed like some sort of marketing promo.  I noticed not one of those reviews indicated they had actually purchased the product from Amazon.  Hmmmm.The first honest review I found was one which said, "These strings sound somewhat artificial."  Ah finally, one of the REAL reviews.Look, the product may be good or not.  It may be the best string ever or not.  But am I going to spend time and money testing a string that apparently can't stand on its own quality without bogus marketing hype?We're musicians, not morons.  If you want us to buy a string, be totally honest in the marketing.  A quality string will sell itself by performance, sound and long life.  No matter how heavy the marketing hype, if the string is bad you'll only sell one set.  If it's good... you don't need the hype.EDIT FOLLOW-UP:  After reading numerous reviews, this does actually seem to be a good set of strings.  Which means the product can stand on customer testimony alone and shouldn't need spin to sell.  Just sayin'.  ;)
I read several reviews before purchasing these strings. I've never bought any strings with any sort of coating on them but after putting these on my Yamaha acoustic, it sounded great! They have very good high and low tones and give a more resonating tone to the whole guitar. My Yamaha is not a very expensive model but these strings make it sound like it is. If you're wanting to upgrade to a thicker set of strings, definitely give these a try. The coating is supposed to make them last longer and resist corrosion and what not, but they are also a little smoother on the fingertips when changing chord positions and sliding up and down the fret board.
Time will tell if they last longer than strings 1/3rd the price. Visually, they don't appear any different than cheaper Bronze wound strings. I was expecting something different, but as far as sound goes, the strings tuned well and only required some stretching 3 times to get them to stay in tune, even after playing &#34;smear notes&#34; on several songs. My problem with cheaper strings (De'Angelo) was they would tarnish or rust quickly, the winding would come lose and bare the inner string over the fret marks on the guitar. The company claims these are treated to prevent corrosion and should last 3 to 5 times longer. I'll know in a few weeks if that statement is true or not. Since these are literally triple the cost, I'll know if it was worth the extra expense. Hopefully these are made in the USA instead of China like most other things we buy in America. Good or bad, once I see the longevity of this set, I'll add to this review at that time.
I've been playing guitar for about 15 years - and within the last year bought my first Taylor guitar (Taylor Guitars 414CE-LTD Grand Auditorium Acoustic Electric Guitar). It came with these Elixir strings on it from the factory. I am blown away by the brightness and purity of the tone these strings produce. What's even better is how long they last.I'm pretty hard on my strings. I useDunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mmwhich are very stiff, and chew up strings very quickly. The nanoweb wrap that they put on these string makes them last several MONTHS instead of weeks. They're a little bit more expensive then other major string brands. But after about a year of listening to these (only gone through 3 sets so far), they're worth the extra few bucks.
These are pricey but keep the fresh sparkly tone much longer.  When they start sounding a little dull it wipe them down with Fast Fret, loosen off the tension a bit and wipe 'em down firmly and they sound new again.
These strings are very nice and sound great. Elixer is a fantastic brand and these strings are definitely worth the price.
I've been using Elixir strings since Gore first made prototypes over 10 years ago. I use both electric and acoustic. The product performs exactly as they guarantee it will.  Every once in a while I'll get a &#34;dead&#34; string. I'll just call the customer service number and they will replace it free of charge. Same thing with strings that break while tuning them up.
I always go with Elixirs. Great, long-lasting sound! I would recommend these to anyone, both experienced players and amateurs alike.
I bought a set as they were recommended to get the tone I was looking for on my 7 week old guitar. Installed as usual and tuned them. They sounded good when played open but compressing them was nearly impossible. My capo could not even hold them. I set the guitar aside for a few minutes and heard the wood creaking. When I looked the face of the guitar was bowing up and the bridge was pulling up and back as if they were trying to pry it off. I released the tension on all the strings as fast as I could and left it. I returned them and got some lighter ones but to no avail. The body is cracked around the bridge and it is useless now. Use at your own risk!!!!!!! I personally wouldn't give a nickel for them.
These do not last as long as they say they do but they do last longer than most strings.  I like them.
sorry i noticed no difference i believe the price was really good for all the hype they put into these strings
I tried these not knowing what to expect, and have been very pleasantly surprised. I tend to have sweaty hands, and my guitar strings get a lot of crud on them and then eventually rust. Although I have learned now to wipe them down each time I play, they still deteriorate pretty quickly, and it's a pain. When I wipe them down with a cloth, they leave black streaks of crud on the cloth.The Elixirs are not as bright as other strings when you first put them on -- that is true. However, other strings lose their brightness after just a few hours of playing, so I don't see this as a major disadvantage. The advantage is that these strings get very little crud on them. When I wipe them down, there's nothing on the cloth! I've even stopped wiping my strings down as carefully.So for a player like me, these are a godsend. I don't detect any loss of tone. They are a bit slippery, and some people have reported having trouble because of this, but it's fine for me.Definitely they're worth a try. Although they're twice as expensive as regular strings, they'll last longer, so they're worth checking out! Ernie Ball makes titanium coated strings that I'm interested in trying out, and there are some other brands, too.
Love these strings. I use them exclusively on my Gibson LP Studio Deluxe because it seems to corrode ordinary strings quickly. I have a washburn with a glossy, sealed looking fretboard, that doesn't have that problem, but still prefer these strings for it as well. They tend to be a little stiffer than ernie ball's, but I like the way they sound and they feel great when bending and sliding. I can keep these on my guitar for weeks of daily playing without the corrosion and deadness that I get with other brands.
My favorite brand of strings right now. 8 guitars now are fitted. They bend easy, last longer, feel smoother and a shot of Finger Grease Spray just adds the icing to the cake
I haven't owned my electric guitar for over a year, but I've only replaced its strings once. I've been playing almost every day for an hour or two and it still looks and feels very new. At this rate, it seems that the current strings I have installed would last forever. Would recommend to anybody looking for a long lasting set.
Yes, these strings are amazing.  I discovered these on my new Taylor and now I've put them on all my gits.  They really are the better string.  I was a fan of Ernie Ball on my electrifieds and D'Addario on my acoustics, but no more, I'm only using these.  They are brighter in tone to me and that really brightens up my acoustics.  They bend easy so they are nice on the electrics.  They do, however, seem to take a little more breaking in than other strings...but it's worth it.
I have been using these strings for the last 7 years.  The tone last longer than any other string and they don't break on me.  In those 7 years I haven't broke a single string.  That being said I don't play heavy at all.  I will buy these strings until the day I die. especially the acoustic version of these...
I really like these strings, because I have sweaty hands that tend to make the strings on my guitars corrode and rust very fast. I can play a guitar once, and leave it there for 2-3 weeks, and the strings will be rusty and nasty when I return to it. I now rub down the strings thoroughly after each session playing them, but this stil happens.Then I happened across these Elixir nanowebs. They are great. I no longer need to rub down my strings so thoroughly, and they stay rust and gunk-free for 2+ weeks (of regular playing). However, I did encounter one strange thing. While playing at a rehearsal, my E-string just popped and broke, hurting my finger a bit. I was surprised, because outwardly the string didn't look that bad.So that is the downside. With regular strings, you can tell the string is near the end of its life b/c it looks really bad. With these, they may still look okay but be close to breaking. Made me a little cautious.I still prefer these 100% over other strings, though.
These are the best strings ever.  I've tried almost every string on the market, and these are by far my favorite.  They sound great and last forever.  Believe the hype...they really DO last FAR longer than any other strings, and they sound great while doing it.Many other strings will sound great for a short while, but as soon as they get "gunked up", they lose any brilliance and tone, and become dead sounding.  Not these.  They will sound great for the life of the string.  In fact, the only way I know to change them eventually is not because they stop sounding good (which they don't), but because I'll start having intonation problems and I know the strings need to be changed.  Normal wear and tear does that, but these strings last SO long.I've tried the polyweb strings from Elixir as well, but I didn't like those at all.  To me, they didn't FEEL right.  Sticky or something (not like your fingers stick to the strings, but like you could tell they were coated).  With the Nanowebs, they sound AND feel like regular strings, but last forever.  The only string I'll use.
Pricey as far as strings go.  A lot of people swear by them but I get just as much tone and life out of strings that cost a whole lot less.
Elixir strings are my favorite choice of strings for all 8 of my Guitars. They are smooth and bending is a breeze. They last longer than most other brands I've used. I use a little Finger Grease Spray and I would recommend them to anyone.
Good strings for my electric guitar.I liked the product a lotClean sound, easy to change and much more.
Elixir strings are very nice.  so slick and last forever compared to standard strings..But i will admit D addario strings are just as good but have to be replaced more often. So if you have the money and want to try these technology advanced strings i dont think you will be disappointed. Some people say they are too slick.. and i can see that when you put new strings on you expect them to feel a certain way..  But you will get over that once you see how long they last.
Been using these for years. They feel great, last longer than any other string and most importantly, they sound GREAT.They cost a little more than other strings but they're worth it.
These guitar strings are very nice and I love them. I always buy this brand. They work well and sound amazing.
These are my favorite brand of strings.When i was a beginner a few years back these were the 1st strings i bought on my electric (since i used them on my acoustic) And i have to say, elixir is my favorite brand of strings. They last long, are easy to tune, & have a nice bright sound & if you take proper care of them (wipe them down when your done playing, keep the guitar in your gig bag when your not using it, ETC.) that bright sound can last about 6 MONTHS OR MORE!! i usually just buy about two sets a year & im a HEAVY player i play about 2-7 hours EVERYDAY. I love the coating aswell but the medium gauge & up usually don't have that other coating you can get on the light gauge strings, but overall these strings are awesome & are a must buy for every guitarist!
I've been using elixers on my Godin Multiac Steel SA for many years now. They have a great, not-too-bright sound and you don't get the string noise when you move your hands across the neck like you do with traditional strings. These tend to last me about 3 months! So, I am very happy with them. They also track pretty well with my roland synth, so no gripes there. All in all I really like these strings and think they sound great.
I put a set of Elixir Nanoweb custom light strings on my main acoustic guitar maybe a couple of months ago.  Although I don't play gigs on it, I play the guitar just about every day, or maybe every other day.  The custom lights are wonderful:  great durability, nice tone and projection, easy on the fingers.  I bought a set of the Elixir extra lights for a Laguna 3/4 size travel guitar I have.  The reasoning was that the lighter body guitar with a shorter scale could use lighter strings, thereby putting less stress on the body.  Compared with the light D'Addario strings that came with the guitar, these have a more muffled low E string.  The A string, too, doesn't project as much as the standard strings.  Although I've not tried the extra lights on my full-sized acoustic, I suspect that there, too, the lower strings would not have the presence or ring of other brands.  Even with the custom light set--where the lower strings are a heavier gauge than a normal light set--the bass notes have a slight hint of that muffled quality.  The thing that most players of Elixirs seem to talk about is the playability and the durability.  They are smoother feeling than non-coated strings, and certainly don't degrade because of perspiration nearly as quickly as regular strings.  The other thing that's important to know, though, is that the Elixirs are excellent at holding a tune, once they're stretched and broken in.  That being said, I'm not sure that I would put the extra lights on the Laguna again because of the bass projection issue:  a small guitar has little enough bass to begin with and these strings don't help.  As you might have guessed, though, I'm thoroughly convinced about the custom lights on the full-sized acoustic.
It was time for a change after many years of using the same strings and I am really glad I tried Elixir. They feel really nice and sound awesome, I will be sticking with these now, thanks for the good and prompt service as well Cheers !!!
these strings sound really great and have that special nanoweb coating that is resistant to corrosion and rusting like other strings tend to get as they age.  the extra light gauge sound so bright and happy on my acoustic- which is very old and tired looking.. but sounds brand new when i throw these strings on it.  very much recommended.. acoustic and elixir electric strings as well.
I have used these strings for years and this was a great price. Shipping time was good.
I started using these at the suggestion of a friend a couple of years ago.They sound great and hold their tone for a long time.I jam with friends a couple of times a week and these strings hold up for a long time!!
My husband got these and they don't get dirty as quickly, which is a plus.  Initially the sounds aren't as clear as the uncoated ones, but it wears off after a couple of hours of play and you wouldn't know the difference.  He'll buy them again.  No difference in putting the new strings on from the regular kind.
I have been using these strings for 7 years.  At first I used the Elixir Polywebs, but those things broke all the time.  I switched to these and haven't broke a string since.  If you play a Gibson or Martin I would buy a heavier string, but these match well with my 414ce Taylor.  Because of the price I don't use these on my cheap Fender Acoustic, for that I suggest Earthwoods.  I even use the Electric version of these strings on my American Srat, very pleased there as well.
By far the best acoustic strings, period. They sound great, and last forever. TheElixir Nanoweb Electric Custom Light Guitar Stringsare the best electric strings ever, and these are the best acoustic strings. Fantastic.
I own aTaylor Guitars 355-CE Jumbo 12 String Acoustic Electric Guitarand it came with these strings on it. 12 string guitars are generally hard to play for long periods of time, so they might not get as much use as a regular 6 string. The tone from these strings is just as bright and clear 8 months later, and they still hold their tuning like they after the first 2 days. Elixir strings are in general more expensive than other major brands - but the extra few bucks are worth it because the sounds stays so clear and consistent after extensive use. They are great strings on any guitar.
WOW, is putting it mildly when you here the quality sound that these strings produce on a 12 string.Endless beauty when you here the tones produced by Elixer. Elixer strings are more expensive than other strings but well worth the higher price tag. You can not go go with a set or two of Elixers.
I'm not a pro by any means.  I am enjoying this guitar.  It has all I expected it to have in terms of playability and range.  It _may_ tend to overdrive a little bit.  More than my other guitars (again not a pro).  One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it.  A drop of wood glue fixed it.  Had I paid $300 or more for the guitar I'd have been upset, but as is that was an easy fix.My biggest complaint is that the finish on the body is thicker and less &#34;natural&#34; that the image appears to be.  It's pretty enough, and fine for a $100 guitar.  But I really wanted &#34;natural wood&#34; and it isn't.  Otherwise it would be a 5 star.  I play it every day.
I was a little reluctant to try the EVO XM as I have a Vendetta and the tuners are junk.  Fortunately this guitar does not inherit this issue.It's a beautiful looking guitar with very nice setup.  Action is incredible.  Almost too low for those that do a lot of stretching but great for those that are into fast riffs.  The difference in tone between the neck and bridge pickups is great and the pickups are very responsive.Hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point.
I had bought one a few years ago when i was a little short on cash, I was very skeptical that this would work for me, After my guy set it up it played flawlessly to say the least, Once i got my tele back and my acoustic Gibson back, (the life of a out of work guitar player, always the pawn shops best customer) but i was able to incorporate the Dean in with both of them, And it gave me another electric to play, This cheap little Dean guitar has turned into a favorite for me, Plug it in and sit back and enjoy what comes out of it, Very crisp with no noise, So if your looking for a good cheap guitar to either learn on or just something that you can pick up and play, And i have never had anyone tell me that it sounded horrible, And it got me through some tough times, That is why i just bought another one for practice, I hope that you will be able to use this review for your decision, Bottom line you can't go wrong with this guitar.......................PEACE
In the past I've always just guessed at how tight to make each lug on my drums. This takes the guess work out of tuning your hides. Each setting doesn't correspond to any particular octave but once you get the sound you want at least you know all of the lugs on that hide are pretty close to the same torque. It's also easy to use.B
It can be confusing during the first time i used it. But it becomes more easier as you go to the next drum. Very handy and gets the job done quickly!!
I love the idea of this but I wish I had spent more for a better quality version. I had seen them used by others and chose this one but it is not well made. The number dial is not accurate and is loose so as you are using it you have to keep checking that it has not moved. It works but I'll probably end up getting a better one.
i would use this again, the plastic around the ball scraped away and the ball flew out making it useless
This switch does work, but you should look before you leap. The switch travel is greater than it is for a standard 3-way switch, and if you use the common Fender replacement control plate (or one that was only intended for a 3-way switch, it may not fit. You could fairly easily alter the plate, but if you want the cleanest look possible you may want to investigate a new control plate.
Recently, I was building a Telecaster project.  A friend recommended using the 4 way switch instead of the stock 3 way switch.  This allows you to have the three positions normally found on a Telecaster,  bridge only,  bridge + neck in parallel, and neck only.  It also adds the ability for you to add a setting with the bridge and neck pickups in series.The result of this added position is that you get a higher volume output from the guitar than in the regular bridge + neck position and  a slightly higher top end output.  This is clearly a case of &#34;your mileage may vary.&#34;  I've been used to the traditional 3-position switch on my other Telecasters.  I'm a bit indifferent to this mod.  If I was building another guitar, I would probably use this switch again.  It does what it is supposed to do and it is within a couple dollars of the 3-way.  However, I would not change out a working 3-way switch for this.  For me, the added benefit just isn't worth the effort.
The four-way diagram that comes with the switch does not tell you which side to use. Both sides have five tabs and look the same from the above diagram given no matter which way you turn it. I figured it would go the same way as the three-way - wrong. You think Fender would have the sense to figure this out, and give us a proper diagram, but guess again. Just another example of the incompetence at Fender.
I got these for a parts-tele I built and I'm really happy with them.  Like all vintage tuners you may need conversion bushings to make them fit modern peg holes which are usually larger.  But they look great, work great, stay in tune and are completely vintage spec.  I have a '57 reissue strat and I can't tell the difference.  One thing I've always loved about vintage tuners is that you tuck the strings in the center of the shaft so it keeps the headstock looking neat.
These are nice,and this was easily the best price around. These are made in Japan, and I believe they're made for Fender by Gotoh, so they're good quality. But I was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the "standard,vintage-sized" .340" holes in my All-parts neck ( they're a little large).So be aware of that.
Looks good but disappointed that they aren't made in the USA. Oh well just shows me little by little more and more things aren't anymore.
Looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position
Had the old stamped one and was upgrading all the chrome some I put one of these on.  They work perfect and look good.  You get 2 in package (with screws) so I have a spare.Update I only had one on E/B but went ahead and added one for G/D.  Works and look great!!!  google "stratocaster string tree placement" if you are unsure of where and how to install.
They upgraded my 72 Tele Deluxe, they fit perfectly yet you have to push really hard on the finish at the headstock for it to go in without opening any holes on the wood.
All the parts I buy an Amazon  have  been checks out before I buy them and they  have been compared with other companies, and I found these parts are the best price and quality compared to other outlets I repair and rebuild guitars as a hobby and I am satisfied with these parts johnJ .
Not a drop in replacment for many Fenders. I installed these on a Fender Marauder and needed to drill holes in the head stock. You can't see it really well in the picture but there is a metal plug on the bottom next to the screw hole that needs a hole to fit into.I sweat some bullets and used the smallest drill bit I own, and stuck a piece of tape 1mm from the tip so I wouldn't drill too deep. It is important to make the hole STRAIGHT in line from the screw hole so they don't go on crooked. I also had to drill the screw holes about 2mm deeper because the screws that come with this go deeper into the headstock.Now that they're installed I can attest that the guitar holds it's tune better and it's easier to tune. Before it would not respond for many pegs until twisted too far then it would suddenly break lose and be too sharp/flat. That happens far less now.
definitely recommend these over any other string trees. I used both, one for DG and BE, required some minor drilling so I had a guitar tech do it for me just to be safe...
I'm using the guides to replace factory guides on my Strat and Tele. They will require that I drill a shallow hole to seat the guide properly. I hate drilling holes in guitars but it has to be done.  The quality of these guides is not what I expected. They are cast and plated and have some rough edges to them. If you want a very clean looking finish I would look for a higher quality guide. At this point I'm not even sure that I will use them.
Meh, these things are what they are. They didn't solve any problems or make anything better.  Oh well, sometimes you just gotta do stuff for no reason.
I had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck ..
These work much better than standard stamped trees. No problem with Ernie Ball strings going out of tune quickly.I did notice in Guitar Center, some of those spendy &#34;American Strats&#34; have the cheap stamped out trees, and non-locking tuners.
Arrived quick. These are good replacements or upgrades. Work much better then the other style of string trees.  I would recommend this.
String trees are a great inexpensive way to upgrade your standard tele or strat with accessories found on more expensive or custom shop instruments. Just remember you will have to drill for the guide posts.
I put this in my Fender MIM Stratocaster. I want to change that &#34;poor&#34; string guides that came in MIM by the American Series string guide. So nice...
These trees came in Fender packaging and fit just as the old ones did and look the same. They have the same locating pin in front of the screw and are the finishing touch in refurbishing my guitar.
The lil suckers are all about tuning  stability. Those other style string guides just aren't the same because the string binds too much. Gave them 4 stars because I don 't like the little nibs in the underside. I filed them off.
Pretty basic capo, goes on and comes off easily. Fits quickly and tightly, I expected a firmer grip but it works well anyway. Good price!
I may be a guitar newbie, but as far as I can tell - this capo is not a fake-o piece of crapo!
I really like this over the capo that came in my guitar bundle from Austin Bazaar, so after some research online and talking to friends, I bought this capo.It goes on easily,comes off easily and does not mar the finish of my guitar. Downside, seems like it does not put enough pressure on all the strings. I will play with it some more and see how I like it over this weekend.Let me know if I am missing something about this capo that I should know. Thanks!
I used it to hold down the strings on my bass while I adjusted the truss rod. Worked perfectly for that purpose.
Did not hold the strings down very well for me... I love the feel of it, but the spring needs more power.
I use this primarily when setting up guitar and measuring strings by locking down on 1st fret and taking measurements from there.
I was impressed by the quality of this product. It is simple and does its job well. Easy to release and will work with a fat neck acoustic or Les Paul or with a thin neck on most metal Guitars. Holds strings tight and is easy to place with no fret noise. Was a great value.
I love these Dunlop capos.  They are quick to put on, grip nicely, and above all they don't get in the way of your hand.  I bought 5 of them from Amazon because they were such a good price.
Wasn't expecting much for this price. But I was surprised. Have been using mine now for about 3 months with no problems. Workmanship seems good. Does a good job not great of putting equal pressure on the strings but overall it has been a good product. I also have a more expensive Capo just like this one. They look as though they come from the same factory. More expensive is not always better.
great stuff to have for a great price&#8230;i like it! highly recommend to everyone must have for those who loves to play guitar.
I have a guitar and several ukes of all sizes. This works very well for all of them. It's very easy to take on and off, and it stays right where you put it. The rubber is tough but molds to the instrument, I haven't seen and marks or damage from using it.
I used to use a Schubb Capo, but started using the Dunlop Trigger a few years ago and never looked back. The fit can be a little tight, especially higher up on the fretboard, but I personally like this, mostly for the fact there are less moving parts (compared to a Schubb) and the fit is nice and secure.
Works as described.  For the price I have no complaints at all. Clamps firmly and easily, doesn't move or slide around on either of my electric and acoustic.
For years I have used a different type of capo, this one is so much easier to use and does an excellent job!
When I first learned guitar, my buddies kept telling me I'd want a capo but I held out until just recently. The Dunlop is secure, doesn't scratch the guitar at all, and holds the strings down as it should. Instead of taking the time to adjust my tuning, I can use this to achieve the tone I want. Good item for the price.
Be careful about using capos like this, because if you're using a fine guitar, it may damage the finish.  Try it, and double check regularly, and I wouldn't leave it clamped on the guitar, overnight or for weeks on the guitar stand.
This is a fine product. Any guitar player has hands strong enough  to use it. Looks great on the guitar and works really well. Recomended.
How you feel about a capo has almost as much to do with the guitar you're using it on... What works great on one guitar might not be so marvelous on another... I can say with confidence that this capo works flawlessly on an American Standard Strat... Fits great, easy on/off, easy adjustments. The padding on the capo is such that you would really have to go out of your way to mar the finish on your neck with it... All relevant areas of the capo are well padded. It seems very well constructed, after two weeks of heavy use, I don't see why it wouldn't last for years.
This product does what you want and is easy to take on and off.  Definitely a great value for the money!
I was using a Kyser capo, until the spring action loosened up to the point it wouldn't hold all the strings down.  I thought I'd try something else out and settled on this one.  It's easy to take on and off. It's tight enough.  The main positive is that the part that lays against your strings is longer than a kyser so I think it will fit even the widest fretboards.  I don't know about a 7 or 8 string though.
This capo is small, looks good, and works very well.  It is well protected to not scratch or nick your guitar.
It's nice to have this gadget nearby you when you play. A lot of songs say capo preferred. It helps you have a bar of strings down all the time in a row to keep your finger free and easy to grab some chords like b major and so on. I recommend this product.
I've had a few of these my life time because people always steal capos.  What the hell.  Anyway, this capo works well.  I've only used it on Gibson and Fender electrics, and it does a fine job.  Some of the rubber padding will eventually come off as glue wears off, but it does not affect the capo-abilities.  I'm sure there are better ones, but for me, this works well.
I was not a fan of this particular capo. It was good quality and the price was ok but just not my style.
Sturdy, well-designed and frets the strings well.  Ships quickly.  The back clamps firmly to the guitar without maring the finish. Great value.
Simple, strong but easy to apply, comes in a variety of colors.  Haven't used it a great deal, but it seems to be great and non-damaging to the finish on the guitar.  The handle sticks out farther than a simple elastic strap capo, but this is a good choice at a great price.
As capos go, this gets the job done at a good price. Easy to use. Doesn't seem to put undue pressure on the guitar.
I have two of these. High quality build. Out of personal preference...this capo design works best for me. Tension is perfect for my Washburns. One has light strings & the other has medium. I thought this was worth mentioning since the diameter of the strings might affect the clamping tension. Both of them sound like there was no capo on. Overall, I'm happy with this brand. Highly recommended.
I have a Electric Bass Guitar and needed to Capo. After looking at &#34;reviews&#34; I like this one the best. I'm very happy with it and it works great without any problems. The size is &#34;Just Right&#34;, not too small or Big ...
Nice cushion on both sides,  on-string and the back of the arm. Stays very firm on the arm. It'll stay still even if you accidentally bump on it while playing.The 4-star is just to alert that it may be a problem for people with not so strong hands, like kids,  as the spring is very tough.
It's a little harder to open than other capos I've used, but it works perfectly once you get used to the toughness of it. It's not cheap and flimsy, though! I don't see this one wearing down anytime soon! Now stop reading this review and buy this capo! You wont regret it!
This Capo is solid and well made. I use it on my seagull acoustic, and Fender Stratocaster. No problems at all.
Does what it is supposed to do. It is pretty good quality and durable too. Quick, simple and efficient.  I would definitely buy again. Highly recommended.
What a great device.  This is the first 'quick-change' capo I've owned.  I used to use those old stretchy things.  Since I play at some jams, it's important that I can change quickly and accurately.  Move it from fret to fret and the guitar stays in tune.
Although it is touted for acoustic guitars, it works well with my Ibanez Electric as well as my dreadnaught and acoustic/electric. The spring is tough and it holds securely. On and off is a quick process if you have the hand/finger strength to operate it. I rate it 4 stars only because I just received it and haven't had a chance to use it much. But, I like it so far. It was delivered quickly. It does the job. I'll update after I've had it for awhile.
Thought I'd try this but there's another brand that I prefer.  Needed to re-shift this capo a lot to get it to hold down strings evenly and not mute some.
Not that it's a huge deal - but I quite prefer this capo over any other capo I've used.  It just has the most solid build quality and the simple pull style of loosening and tightening works better and more quickly than the type that "snap" into place.I own several of these now and whenever I mis-place one (which happens too often!) I come back to purchase another.If you're looking for a capo I highly recommend using this Dunlop model.
...but for a small woman with small hands, it's difficult to operate.  It also exerts a whole lot of pressure on the strings, which can't be good for them.  I ordered a Schubb brand capo that's much easier to operate and doesn't smash the strings like a brute because the pressure is adjustable.  The only drawback to the Schubb is you can't clip it to the headstock, a convenience that's important to a lot of professional musicians.  I'm keeping both, if I need the convenience of this clip on style I'll use it.  When playing at home I'll use the more gentle Schubb.
This acessorie is well builded and don't change the guitar's pitch. No damages guitars neck. It's so easy to use
I've always been a fan of these Fender Classic picks. They just feel right, wear very well, and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my Telecaster. I also think the price is pretty fair.
These picks are perfect.  They are just the right feel for medium and look awesome.  What more can you say about picks other than they are perfect.
I have a bass guitar and sometimes us a pick. Seen these and they work great when needed. Looks good too :)
I have used Fender Medium picks since the late 60's.  Yes, they are made in China now (!!) but they are still the same pick as far as I can tell.  The picks arrived fully sealed in an outer envelope and contained within a nice little mini zip-lock baggie.  All 12 were in there, all of them Fender Mediums.  (purchased from B&G; Music Associates)  Shipped from Illinois to California in 3 days with normal shipping.The picks are great and I couldn't be happier with the order. Whatever issues occurred with missing picks and poor shipping no longer exist from where I stand.  Recommended if you want/need a nice little bag of Fender Mediums.
This is the first guitar pick I ever played with and to this day is my favorite type.  Nice and thin and flexible, but not so flexible that you can't bend it for single picking.  I'm torn between this style, out of nostalgia, and the blue version-because I love blue.
Fender Medium, my favorite guitar pick, a dozen should last a while right?  When these slip away I'll order more.
I am VERY satisfied with my hard shell A-style mandolin case; I received prompt delivery, it was reasonably priced, and a quality product; thanks!
I bought this case for my Rogue A-style electric mandolin.The inside is nicely lined; the hardware is solid.It came at a great low price but it does not feel cheap.I recommend this to anyone with an A-style mandolin.jafmusicmix
Great case very well made and has great padding construction seems to be good and I have no complaints about this product!!!!!
I gave this 3 stars simply because the review has to conatin a star rating. I have nothing to say against the product or the company, only that this is NOT a GUITAR CASE! It is a MANDOLIN case! Amazon should correct this.Stagg STB-10W  Acoustic Guitar BagEpiphone Case for Epiphone Dot, Sheraton, 335
I just received the case today, the soonest delivery day on the estimation range (a plus there!).  Now having spent a long time pricing hard cases from all around internet, this price is extremely reasonable and a wonderful case.  Nothing fancy and differs slightly from the pictured item in that the outside rim-threading and basic locks (keys included) are gold toned (instead of silver toned pictured), but that doesn't mean diddly-squat to me.  Plush interior with a small, yet roomy, compartment located under the neck.  I am primarily a 5-string banjo player, but decided to casually play around with the mandolin, and so I figured I had better get a hard case for possible "long-time" storage (my first banjo lived in a padded gig bag for a few years before I started getting serious with it... and boy, not the best thing for it in small enclosed storage spaces).  This case will definitely do the trick.  Excellent value!- Additional note, there is a bit of extra play around the peg-head (I have an Rover mandolin)... I can see if someone traveled with this case and dropped it hard it enough, some peg snapping may occur.  But again, for simple storage/protection, its a non-issue.
Good quality one. I like the big size type. Would like to have a thinner one. So far so good.
These are a little larger than a traditionally sized, what you normally see used picks.  Thus, just a heads-up.  Having said that, they are top quality and are excellent picks.  I use all types and all brands and Fender's are always predictably great quality.
This shape give the strumming hand a better grip on the pick. I sand a bit from one of the points to give it a shape more like the classic heart-shaped Fender pick. The stock rounded point dulls the attack on the string. Good for strumming rhythm, not so hot for lead.
So glad I found these,  three sides,  much easier for me to hold,  thin is in!  As a beginner these make much more comfortable.
pretty....seems to work fine...purchased a pack for my playing buddy...he loves fender...only way to go...will order another set soon. very happy with service
The picks came before the estimated delivery date in a clearly marked package. All 12 picks were there. Saves me a trip into town therefore wear and tear on my car. They feel good in my hand while strumming the strings. Good deal and I will purchase again.
They work as expected; my problem is they blend in with my rug and if I drop them, it's a major effort to find them again!  Next time, I'll go for a vibrant color.
I'm working on new strumming patterns and these were exactly what I needed to 'soften' things up just a bit.
When I bought my first guitar about 6 months ago I just chose a pack of picks on Amazon's list of "other buyers also bought this" and those were these Fender 351 picks.At the time I figured all picks were created equal.Since then I've tried various sizes and brands - Dunlop, Planet Waves, etc.But I keep coming back to this Fender 351 Medium pick for both my electric and acoustic guitar.The sound it makes is nice and sharp without being too trebly.The Planet Waves picks all seem to be a little muddy-sounding.I've found a winner with these Fender picks and will definitely be ordering more.
I love these picks. They arrived well packaged and NOT loose. They feel great in my hand and the Mediums are the perfect thickness for my playing style. Not too thick/not too thin.The abalone looks cool and is easy to spot when I drop them on the carpet. I have tried other brands (Dunlop, totex, etc) and the fender are by far my favorite.You will not be disappointed!
Ordered these guitar picks for my son. The picks were exactly as described. We ordered the blue color, which is dark blue with a lighter, shiner, blue design on top of it. It is a "heavy duty" grade and it is very sturdy. He is very pleased with these picks. The appearence is pleasing and it is made well - very pleased with the quality. We will be purchasing more picks in the future. Highly recommend!
These Fender Medium picks are simple basic good picks that just work well. Color and appearance is a personal thing, I think these abalone picks just look cool. The color mix is random (no two picks are exactly the same); some have a bit more blue and reflective colors in them. Overall, the effect is not bad compared to real abalone.Fender makes a nice standard pick. The three weights are pretty easy to figure out (light, medium, and heavy). These mediums work well for playing electric guitar. I have some light red ones that have a lot of flex. Those work well for acoustic. I've used Dunlop with the little bumps for grip, and the Dava rubber coated picks. They are all nice, but sometimes you just want a regular old smooth pick. The gray Dunlop's don't look anywhere near as cool as these.At $3 for a dozen, they're worth a try. It they don't work out for playing, they sure look darn nice (the Fender logo is in gold).Dava 6024 Grip TipDunlop Nylon Standard Picks, Grey .73mm
I almost always play finger style without a pick, but on the occasion I need a pick I like these.Easier to strum sounds good to me.If you're doing a lot of picking out individual strings, you'll probably want something thicker, but these make it really easy to strum chords and sound good, plus pick out a few strings here and there.
Perfect, perfect size, weight, shape. I like the medium playing electric because it gives you the best of both worlds.Recommended!
I got the Ocean Turqouise and they are stunning.  $4 for these 12 beautiful, premium quality picks is a steal.
I used to play with celluloid picks back in the 70's before they came out with Delrin. I like the sound and feel of these picks. They add a nice round sound that works well with jazz, and funk. They are a little expensive, but I think they are worth it if you need the sound and feel of the real thing.I bought the abalone ones because they look cool...***UPDATE***I am still using these picks but they tend to break along the colored lines, and usually during a performance. I have since gone back to Delrin and Nylon.
Love these picks, pretty much the only ones I buy now, nice and flexible,great for picking, great for strumming. Recommend you try them.
Everyone here seems to be complaining about the same thing- packageing and shipping. Well i bought all my picks from the music store so im rating the picks only. Ive been playing a few years and own a takamine acoustic and a fender strat. I mostly play my acoustic and use light strings so i dont need a heavy pick. I started using med fender tortose shell celluloid picks and really liked the look but as a beginner i dropped them more. My friend left a thin pick and i tried it. Since i mostly strum on light strings this was nice. The pick had a little more give so i dropped them less. Ive only broken 1 pick and it was cracked when i got it. I started reading all these great reviews how the dunlop tortex was great so i ran down an bought some thins. The tip is a little more rounded. I tried them and they feel alright but the fenders were louder and brighter sounding no doubt about it. So its back to the fenders. Also something i learned is when i play a guitar that has a dark pickguard i use a light colored pick (pearloid) and a red pick for a white pickguard. The contrast helps you see what your doing. These are good picks and you have a good selection of colors instead of the dunlop that are color coded and your stuck with no choice. These are a little more slippery but you will get used to them the more you play. I dont drop em anymore. Personally i dont see any need for a heavy pick unless you play bass. The med is pretty stiff.
I'm a little surprised at this one. Just today I was emailed confirmation that the picks were shipped, and I found them in my mail box the same day. I like fender mediums because I use them on both bass and guitar. Good picks! Clean edges, good feel, good duribility, nice tone.
Originally received the wrong item, but I contacted customer service and they returned my email that night (on a Sunday) and said they would ship out the correct product the next morning.  I received the correct item in one day as well as a postage paid envelope to return the incorrect picks.  Great customer service, and love the pics...the color in the pictures doesn't do it justice!
PERFECT picks!  very pretty and nice quality!  They are not too stiff nor are they too soft.  I would order these again!
Bought these picks for the impending Strat I'll buy, already have 3 sets of Fender strings, I will be ready!
It's a Fender Heavy so there's not much else to say about that.  Good price and selection here.  Go for it.
I always played with the brown colored 351s growing up, but I love the blue finish on these.  I'd recommend the 351 Fender picks over any others personally but I'm very partial to blue as well, so these are perfect.
Great grip.Lasts a good long while.Terrific trippy pearl tones and azures.My all time fave. Hip hip hooray.
After all the whining I saw about these picks, was a little hesitant but bought them anyway. It doesn't help that Amazon puts "Most popular" posters above "Most recent" so unfortunately the review many of you read no long applies to the product. I got all 12 of my picks in a plastic bag divided in half with 6 picks each. So I got my full order. In addition, I like these picks a lot more than the plastic ones I buy at the local music shop. They feel thicker or more stable or something without being hard. I am very happy and will be reordering when the time comes. These are by far my favorite picks. The feedback is good and they're stiff enough to strike clear tones. A winner to me.
A guitar player can never have enough of these things around. These picks hold up well & that says alot because I am not easy on picks if any kind.
Perfect thickness and action.What else can I say?  You won't be sorry you got these, they are all I'll get from now on.
I have found that sometimes these cheapy ones tend to break fairly easily but these ones have lasted me a very long time.  Hardly any breaks considering I get the thin ones.
i love abalone.  these picks look really pretty, like seashells and they last pretty well.  the thin picks are pretty thin which make them nice for acoustic strumming and whatnot- but i would recommend mediums at least for the electric guitar.
I received all twelve picks, which came in a small ziploc bag with an attached Fender tag. The color is great. I needed a thin pick for some softer picking on acoustic. These work great, though do not offer as warm a sound as rubber or felt picks. I find them to be the perfect compromise between heavy and rubber. The picks were reasonably priced and shipped via "prime", so I found them to be a great value as someone who only plays casually. Thanks.SPO
I needed picks, so I ordered an assortment. I have been trying different ones. I seem to like them all.
I&#8217;m not sure exactly how to rate these picks except to say they&#8217;re what they are. Guitar picks. However, the price was good.
classic fender heavy picks.  i love the fender heavy pick and now my picks,knobs and inlays are all shiny abalone
I love being able to adjust the tension. Does not go sharp like some other capos that really clamp down.Just wish there was an easy way to keep it handy on my guitar.
I know many people love the design, but I find it much too frustrating. You have to be very careful putting it on the fret correctly, then snap it in, then turn and turn the screw, oops don't let it snap off again and fall off while trying to turn the screw. Then you have to go through the whole routine again to take it off and move it to another fret and put it on again. What a farce. This is the worst capo I've owned, and I've tried nearly every brand and type. Yeah, I've had people show me how to do it right, and I know to do it right. It's just wrong to have to spend so much time slipping it on, snapping it, screwing it in, screwing it off, having it fall off, forget it, it's garbage to me. Also, while I'm getting my callouses worked out playing for two hours every day, the last thing I want is to pinch my fingers against metal trying to turn a screw. It's actually slightly painful to the fingers (momentarily, but why have to deal with that??) to work with. This design seems like it was a non guitar player who came up with it. The only good thing I can say about it is looks durable.No thanks.
This is the best capo I've ever owned.  It's a little awkward in that it doesn't just clip to the headstock with one hand, and it takes me two hands also to put it on, but not having to retune my 12-string makes it all worthwhile! I like the choice of colors too.
I already owned a stainless version of this capo with a roller instead of the plastic tip on the adjuster screw. I like that one more and overall quality seems better on it, even though pricing was similar when I bought the first one. And the rivets on this one allow the parts to move sideways so they don't line up just right. But when I put it on a guitar it seems to line up okay, and that's the important part.
This strap looks really great and fits just as advertised........it's just that it gets in the way (for Me and my chording skills) mounted as designed and shown. I altered the mounting manner to accomodate MY style and it functions fine.(Looks great, too) High quality and compliments the Martin Name and reputation really well. I feel that it's a good deal and  recommend it!
Quick delivery and item is good quality of genuine leather. Does exactly what it's says it is a good  piece of kit for a very good price.
I got this for my Ibanez acoustic and found it was a real challenge to get it attached at the neck.  It took a few trys before I could get it buttoned so the strap would stay put.  Even so it was a good quality button.  The leather is tough and will last for years.  It will probably outlast the guitar.If you're looking for a good way to attach a strap to the guitar neck is a possible option.  Maybe if you have a Martin it might be a better fit.  But it's really worth the hassle.
Simple product, easy to use that works exactly as it's supposed to without costing too much. I got one for a banjo, Ubass & mandolin but of course you can use this on anything.
Plenty of cord to move around with.  Makes it less likely that I am going to clip the cord on a down stroke.  Just what the guitar doctor ordered.
excellent
These aren't my first set, I can't count the amount of Monster 1/4 cables I bought and own. None has ever failed me so far. Highly recommend these! I love how they sound and they are built well.
Don't buy cheap cables. They just rob your tone. These are the best cables for the money. sure you'll spend a few more bucks but they sound great hold up and are guaranteed for life.  What else could you ask for. All I will use are these cables
The biggest question I ask about these cables, are they worth the premium charged above more normal cables? The key to me is the lower end 100 series Monster cables,Monster S100-I-12 Standard 100 1/4-Inch Instrument Cable (12 Feet). The answer is mixed, and depends on what you are looking for.The cable ends are very heavy, they are metal and do unscrew. In some ways this is probably good, they feel good in your hand plugging and unplugging. The jacks are gold plated and look like they would last a lifetime. On the other hand, the series 100 plugs are a molded plastic end, with a good bit of flex to them, and they are lighter weight. So the choice is, heavy, shiny gold; or light weight, gray/black? For me, I like the heft of these cables.Construction-wise these are likely lifetime cables. Check out the pictures I've posted. The metal housing screws into the jack. There is an O-ring to seal the top portion of the threads. Inside the wires are soldered solidly to the jack, and then the whole thing is cast in solid acrylic or plastic. Unless you run over this end with a truck or pulled really really hard like tug of war, the wire is never separating from the jack. I don't think the actual 1/4 inch jack is any sturdier than other jacks.Sound is excellent. They are clear clean cables. Are they better than the 100's? Oh maybe a tiny bit. Maybe a little clearer, cleaner sound. But it isn't a huge difference.Bottom line, for gigging, probably go with the 100's. The jack ends will get stepped on at some point and they are cheap enough to replace. For practice or in your house, these are probably the way to go. They do look particularly good plugged into a Marshall half stack.These cables are not outrageously over priced like everything else Monster Cable. Study different one quarter inch jack cables and you'll see these are priced very close to everyone else. This is not the case of the HDMI cables at the big box store for fifty times what you should pay for them.
These cables work very well at transmitting sound. So why only three stars? Well, these are far from the most well thought out instrument cables you will find. These are stiff, thick, and heavy. While that's good for most analog cables, these cables are so stiff and heavy that, for instance, a portable tuner or a small stomp box might easily be moved around just by having one end of this cable in there.With so many amps having plastic jacks these days, you have to wonder what kind of stress these cables might be putting your amp jacks and pickguard-mounted output jacks under if these cables can fling a tuner around just by being plugged into one. I mean, let's face it. You never know what will happen at a gig. Sometimes you're playing with a 12 foot cable when you should have a 18 foot cable. A cable shouldn't come out because of a gentle pull, but if it's between the cable falling out and it moving a bass head around or you tripping on it, you want the cable to fall out. If everything you have is heavy or Velcro'd to the ground, this isn't a problem, but it is for me. I feel like when you're playing with these cables, you're worried about stepping on the cable not because you want to pull it out, but because it's seriously like a trip wire out there.Lastly, these plugs are huge. That's not really a problem if you play a Strat or a Tele, but what about a P-Bass or a J-Bass where the plug comes out at a right angle from the body? This is going to stick out a lot, and to loop it around your strap, it's going to be a huge, stiff, cumbersome loop. I know people often buy 90 degree plugs for those kinds of instruments, but most normal straight plugs do just fine. So yeah, if you like to move around on stage, get more flexible cables. You'll thank me.These cables are just poorly thought out. They'd work great as patch cords, or keyboards, drum machines, from pedal board to amp (as long as you have a metal jack). Monster has a cable that costs half as much but works twice as well for actual instrument use, and at that price, Pro Co cables are also excellent, and they have brand name plugs, as well.
The last thing I would think to upgrade to improve the quality of my music is the cable. I did not know that these cables actually made a difference. My guitar sounds cleaner when I use this cable versus another generic cable that I've had for a while. It was a pleasant surprise. I also heard about the wonderful warranty that Monster has. The cable has so many good things going for it, I now know what to buy the next time I need one.
You should find another review from me, but suffice it to say I just won't skimp on my cables when I spend 1000's on amps and cabinets for good sound.
These aren't my first set, I can't count the amount of Monster 1/4 cables I bought and own. None has ever failed me so far. Highly recommend these!
It's hard to beat the quality of Monster Cables!There is absolutely No discernible loss of tone through this cable - I Love It!
I've had one of these for about 20 years, have gigged with it extensively, and I've only had to replace it once. (more on that later).I'm not really a cork-sniffer re: guitar tone.  I think most of our tone comes from our fingers, and so the trend in the last several years toward high dollar guitar cables is lost on me.  I think this Monster cable sounds fine.  Better?  Well, better than what?  I don't really notice a difference when I use different cables.  Maybe a slight difference in the high frequencies, but it's so slight as to be negligible.I look for guitar cables that will last.  That's what I really care about, and so far this Monster cable does the trick.  I use other brands, too - this is my most expensive cable but I think it was worth the $40 I spent all those years ago.Oh, and the return process.  This was maybe 10 years ago.  I called Monster, they gave me their address and I had to pay about $3 to ship it back to them.  About 2 weeks later I had a new cable.  I consider that to be excellent customer service.
This cable is extra heavy, not like the cheaper ones.  The plugs are of excellent quality also.  The sound that transfers through this cable is REMARKABLY IMPROVED over my old cable.  I urge you to purchase if you are looking...you won't be disappointed. BTW, I am a verified purchaser, just can't say enough good about this cable...I'm really impressed!
These cables are perfect... The quality of this cables are incredible and the sound is excellent.. I really love Monster cables...
It is a great option, if not simply the best. Monster knows it all in quality. Gob bless monster everyway
Quality is there in construction and signal passing.  We never have problems with our Monster gold cables.  Conversely, we have other cables crap out on us periodically.
These cables give you a pure sound unhindered and uncut. I have several other "good" cables but when compared to this they cut highs and even the level. I have grown as a musician to the point that I Know it's worth it to pay a little more for these quality cables. Yes you can get many cables way cheaper (and I'm all for getting things at a good price - publishers clearing house has Not visited me yet!) but this is a case of you get what you pay for!
Hands down the best cables for electric guitar. Ive tried other brands that cost almost, if not similar to these and none can match in the quality that prolink presents. These are not only the best in delivering tone but they're durable. I bought mine back in 2004 and they're still working as well as the day I got them today on September of 2012. I bought some planetwaves cables for $40 that didn't even last me 2 years.
Really nice cable! I've had mine for over a year now. And it has worked flawlessly. No problems with distortion or noise. Build quality is as solid as they come. Nice gold tips and polished finish for great connectivity! Keep it professional. And become a Monster! I did!
I haven't had an issue with this cable yet, and the guage of the wire connecting the plugs is very thick and high quality, but it takes a while for them to stop coiling up. Like the title says, the timeless combo of Neutrik & Mogami is better. If you're wondering how to get Neutrik/Mogami cables cheap, make them yourself. It saves you so much money!
I don't know what I would do without this little shelf on my music stand.  I works on my non-Manhasset sold-shelf stand, holds my pencil/highlighter/flute swab & even occasionally a small speaker set that I have for my phone.  It easily slides over the lip of my music stand and is reasonably secure.  Very well worth the $$.
The plastic is pretty lightweight, but it is a big help.  I keep various guitar picks, clips, pencils, etc. on it which kept falling off when I just set them in front of the music.  Glad I bought it.
I am using it with a Musician's Gear music stand.  The shelf fits, but moves easily when moving stuff on the shelf of the stand.  It is made out of plastic which flexes fairly easily and doesn't feel as sturdy as the metal shelf of the stand.  There aren't any other options though unless you know some one who can do metal fabrication. It is a good thing it does not cost a lot.
This mic is fine. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard.
quiet, almost hum free - clear respose - no volume control doesn't befront me because i use it to record & to play thru a PA where either I or someone else keeps the volume under control. It tends to be bass heavy, but a slight eq revisit more than compensates for that. I had used one in the past, this is a more solid unit & fits movement free in the soundhole of my guitar & also in two others i use here and there. great job. great value. got herre quick in a nice little carry bag & I will update if problems come later - don't see why or how tho
I've owned a Seymour Duncan Woody for several months now, and have had a chance to try it out with various amps, with the pickup tipped for a stronger low end or high end, and so on.  This is an excellent value and is basically as feedback free as you're likely to get from an acoustic guitar pickup.  The one thing I've found is that I get a significantly more natural acoustic guitar sound playing the Woody through my Ampeg bass amp than through my Peavey guitar amp.  The high ends are too grating through an electric guitar amp and there's a tendency for distortion to creep in, even with the clean setting.  Through the bass amp, though, the tone is absolutely clean and clear.  The pickup is easy enough to install and remove and it's easy to get it to sit low enough that it doesn't interfere with finger picking any more than any other sound hole pickup would.  The other great feature of this pickup is the look; the natural wood finish actually enhances the look of the guitar.  If you are looking for an acoustic guitar pickup, this is the one to buy!
I bought this for my 1974 Martin D-18 for recording on my PC. So far it is working great. I have a Behringer 802 mixer already and I just plugged the guitar into that. It works perfectly. This guitar is very loud without a pickup, but to get the sound into my PC for recording I either needed to use a mike or a pickup. I chose the pickup. I got too much background noise with the mike.Update: I started to get a loud buzz in my sound system and scratched my head a bit trying to figure it out. I had played my guitar about an hour before without that "buzz" being a problem. I discovered that if I turn the guitar a certain way the buzz went away. Then I remembered that the only thing I was doing differently was that I had turned on another overhead light since it was dark outside. I turned that light off and the buzz went away. My pickup was picking up interference from the new type florescent bulbs in the light. I'm glad there is nothing really wrong with the pickup. ;)After using the pickup for awhile I have noticed that the 5th and 6th strings aren't as loud as I would expect; also the 2nd string is louder than all of the strings. I'm not sure why. It's not a big deal.
This is an excellent-sounding pickup.  I've had it for about six years.  Good sound throughout the spectrum - full lows and bright highs, without too much emphasis on either.  At the price it sells for, I consider it a bargain.The drawbacks:1) You need to be pay attention when installing and removing - you can damage the sound hole on your guitar if you're not careful.2) No volume control.If you're looking to occasionally amplify an acoustic guitar, this is a great, cost-effective way to go.
Easy to use. No metallic hiss you'd normally expect. The only real drawback is the lack of presence when it comes to the bassier strings. It takes some skill to EQ things to the point of normalcy. If you're uncomfortable dealing with EQ, this might not be your best bet. Otherwise, a wonderful product at a great price.
I'm impressed with these EXP16 guitar strings.* What I ExpectedA more dead sound than the non-coated strings they replaced. Coated strings usually lack the bright high-end brilliance that uncoated light strings have.* What I GotA very bright, yet not to twangy sound.  When I put Light strings on my acoustic, I'm going for easy playability and, most of all, a very bright and airy sound.  These deliver on both counts.* DurabilityThe coating on these strings are supposed to prolong the time between changes.  So far they are holding their tone and brightness.  I will report back after three months.  My last set started to sound dull, and exhibit more tone variation after six months (when viewed with a very sensitive tuner, it seems that my dirtier strings detune sharp a bit more on attack, the harder you strum them.  This is confirmed by the fact that they just sound out of tune to me when they get dirty).* ConclusionI will be ordering more of these.  I think they perform very well for the price. Love the bright light gauge sound and playability.
I've used D'Addario strings for many, many years without problems - both acoustic & electric.  I've tried these coated strings in the past, and I actually prefer them to Elixir because they feel more like regular strings - the wrap is coated, rather than a sheathe being placed over the entire string, like on Elixirs.Do they last longer?  Probably.  Even when I'm in situations where I'm gigging regularly I rarely change strings more than every few months, just because I don't see the need.  I think the main benefit to coated strings is if you have guitars that you can't play regularly the strings won't corrode.  But these sound great and feel fine, and the're the least expensive coated strings I've found.  I've always found D'Addario quality to be great.
this are probably the best sounding guitar strings without breaking the bank.  I have made them last up to 2 months...still obtaining decent sound.
I have been using the EXPs for some time now on electic-acoustics and they have become my go-to string.  I find the coating to be less noticeable than on El***rs and tonal variations to be less from string to string and set-to-set.  Highly recommended.
I've been using these strings for about eight years, and I also use them on my two Taylor's (814-CE & I use the mediums on my 710) I agree with the other reviewer in saying they are the best sounding coated string out there. I still use Martin strings once in awhile, but these strings last and improve in sound as they get a few hours of play on them.Actually I own three other acoustics other than my two Taylor's and right now they're all strung with EXP's. I know people want different sounds from their strings, but I find these to be bright with a great bottom on them, unlike the Elixirs which I find to be unbearably bright with a weak bottom end. These strings sound great with great dynamics on them. Even on my Laguna Grand Symphony (slightly larger than a Grand Concert) they pump out the lows and sparkle on the highs. These on my Grand Auditorium do the same thing, they produce the sound I demand and make a real positive improvement over the other coated strings I've used.The Mediums on my 710 have an endless bottom end and still have great range on the mid's and treble.As I said I still use Martin Phosphor Bronze strings once in awhile, but honestly these strings hold up extremely well and sound great. Darn near as near to an uncoated string that you're going to find.
Elixir coated strings were by far my favorite strings for my acoustic guitar. D'Addario has finally made a string that is comparable to and maybe a little tiny bit better than the Elixir's.These are very nice bright strings. The coating is incredibly subtle, almost impossible to feel on the strings. I like that. Compared to Elixir's these are a bit brighter, with good feel.Call me old school, I hate the packaging. These strings are packaged in three two string loops inside a single plastic bag. Ah, you know I'm just so used to strings that are individually looped. Two strings looped together makes a mess while I'm restringing a guitar - when I unwrap that pair, I've got a string that has to sit out unwrapped on the bench. The neat freak in me hates that. I also dislike that the strings are in one plastic bag. Yeah I get it; they are trying to be more environmentally responsible. But darn it, 6 paper envelopes? It feels to me like they are just trying to cheapen up the packaging materials, not some environmental cause. 100% post-consumer recycled paper adds very little to the environmental load.I know D'Addario loves the color coded ends. On my acoustic guitar that's irrelevant, the ends are hidden inside the guitar behind the pegs. On my electric guitars, I don't like the look at all. I prefer gold or silver rings at the end. If the strings are in individual labeled packages, there's no need for the colors.D'Addario loves the color coded end rings so much, they do a horrible job color coding and simplifying their packaging. I have yet to decode their colors or naming system.I normally use 10 gauge strings in my acoustic guitar. I tested these at 12 gauge and am surprised how much I like them. The slightly thicker string is not bad.Oddly these strings are priced almost the same as Elixir's. My reason for using the original D'Addario strings is low price - if somebody is doing gigs nightly, those uncoated strings are the only way to go. Strings end up being changed long before corrosion becomes an issue for the gigging musician. For the home enthusiast, coated strings make a ton of sense, they do last longer. I think they are worth the premium price. Now there are two choices for excellent coated strings.In the end, the packaging, the color coded end rings, the crazy package coding, and the double looped strings all mean nothing once the strings are on the guitar. What they sound like and play like is the most important thing. And in that regard these are excellent strings.
Play very mello. easy on my fingers too.  Can't come close to understanding the differences of all the different style strings but these work great on My Taylor acoustic
I tried the EXPs on my Gibson L4 archtop because I play jazz single lines, small chord comping, and full chords more than I do on a Martin OM-1 and figured I'd get a better overall feel for tone and response.For years I've played Martin Phosphor Bronze mediums on both guitars and that's my reference: The D'Addario EXP lights show their difference mostly on the bass end where they're a good 7 mm thinner. The high E and B are 3 mm less and I can feel it but not enough to bother me. All things being equal I prefer heavier strings for tone but I play instruments I don't trust with truly heavy gauges.The first thing I noticed is considerably less "new string clang" compared to both the Martins and D'Addario's regular phosphur bronze strings which I've used in the past and still use for mandolin.While still a long way from sounding broken-in, the EXP strings sound as though they've had several days of good use. As a kid I perspired much more and would just rot strings like you wouldn't believe - on a humid summer day I could get rid of that clang in a hour.The tension on the EXP's feels very comfortable and considerably more flexible than the 7 mm difference should account for. I like to bend strings on acoustic in certain contexts, which can be tough with tight strings; the EXP's feel very easy - not electric guitar easy mind you, but fine for acoustic.The other quality that's noticeable is sustain. The strings I took off weren't completely dead and I wasn't expecting a dramatic difference, but it's noticable across the board, especially on small chord comping on three or four strings at a time.The tone also feels a bit more balanced across all six strings, but this is admittedly very subjective: I play with differently shaped and thicknessed picks for different recording contexts; some generate more percussive pick noise than others; sometimes I want it, other times no. The response of the EXPs sounds very consistent to my ears.I've had them on for a couple of weeks now, playing fairly regularly. Some of the initial clang is gone but the (desired) bright lively tone has not degraded noticeably.I suppose the real test of the EXP coating is how they sound beyond the point where other strings begin to sound dead. Maybe I'll update this review down the line, but for me, it's a false question because if the strings don't sound and feel good in the short term, who cares if they last forever!
I love these customs...inbetween the lights and mediums...you get the bright booming sound...nice bends and of course, the longer playing life...I've used these on my guitars that have alittle darker sound because of the wood used in them...to brigthen the sound a tad.  I would recommend these for cedar or mahagony body guitars in a blink of an eye.
Personally I just love the D'Addario strings. They sute my needs just right for the Takamine acoustic. Great quality and price.
I like Elixir.  I had to try this one because of another friend said it's ok and cheaper.I tried it and the quality is low end.The sound is not as crisp.The gauge is too heavy for my fingers (not their problem)All 6 strings are wrapped inside one single bag.I'd go back to Elixir next time.
D'Addario guitar strings are favourite strings.  They last a little longer and always sound good on my Ovation guitars and also or my other acoustic guitars.  I usually buy them for and recommend them to others also.  You can not go very wrong with these strings if you play often.  You will notice a longer life and your guitar will certainly remained tuned.
There are two ways guitar strings go bad. If you leave them on long enough, the steel cores and bronze windings will actually corrode- but that takes months, if not more. Before that happens, grease from your fingers, dust, bits of skin, and other detritus from the environment gets into the strings, between the windings. This interferes with the free vibration of the strings and deadens the sound. Back when strings were a lot more expensive, some guys used to take their strings off the guitar and regularly clean or even boil them; some bass players still do. Coated strings are a simpler alternative.These strings and similar ones like Elixirs have a thin polytetrafluoroethylene coating bonded to the wrappings, which accomplishes two things: First, it creates a barrier between the atmosphere and the metal wrap, which prevents rust and corrosion. Second, it provides a physical barrier that prevents contamination from getting in between the windings. The strings stay fresher sounding two or three times as long as standard strings. They do sound just a bit less bright than the equivalent uncoated strings, but it's not a huge difference, and after a month or two they still sound the same.They also cost about twice as much as equivalent non-coated D'Addarios. Are they worth it? That depends. If you're an active performer, maybe. You're probably changing strings for every performance to make sure you're getting a bright sound. You're probably also buying your strings by the box. There's no real benefit to these strings. Where they really pay off is for the casual player who may not have a few dozen spare sets handy. These days I'm strictly a hobbyist who might play publicly once or twice a year. I have four acoustic guitars, and some of them may go go for a month or more without being played. With coated strings, I can leave a set on a guitar, and a month or two later I can pull it out of the case and it's ready to play. I still change strings if I'm going to be playing in public, but for guitars that spend most of the time sitting around the house, these are great.
These strings are the bomb!  I have used D'Addario's since my earliest playing days.  Over the years I have experimented with several different brands and eventually found myself at home with Elixir Polyweb lights.  After having the frets on my guitar (a Fender grand concert) redressed I noticed it had been restrung with EXP's (which I used eight years ago and loved). Since they were on the guitar, I decided to give them another try.  I am glad I did, the tone is great.  They speak with a natural, bright and lively voice that is sweet to the ears. EXP's make my guitar sound like it should. Individual notes speak with warmth, definition and depth.  They blend together beautifully when paying chords.  They have more punch to them than Elixir's do and the coating doesn't fray after a year like Elixirs either. D'Addario EXP'16s are probably the most musical strings I have ever used.  They respond well to dynamics and the bass response is excellent when finger picking.  I was able to get eight months out of them before I noticed deterioration in tone.  I think I have found my strings and I don't see myself using anything else for a while.
While I love and trust D'Addario strings, i am subtracting one star because, I really like the packaging for other strings when they have individual packets.  For my acoustics, I do not always change out all the strings at once.  I think the bass strings get changed more when they start falling off on sound.Anyway, these are classic strings that I grew up with, but as I get more involved with playing, having the flexibility of individual envelopes for each string becomes more an d more appreciated.  Especially if you like to save your single strings for use.
D'addario is a company I've been using since I first started playing guitar and these strings live up to their title. They DO have a warm, bright and balanced tone and they last 3-6 months for me even after playing hours a day. For people who finger style on the acoustic, it is very comfortable on your fingertips. These strings can produce very good sound with little effort, I almost always use light/light medium picks with these strings and it can get to the volume I want.
I had for years been using Elixir Strings on myWashburn D10simply because I was accustomed to them and saw no sense in making a switch. I'm glad I tried out these D'Addario strings. These strings are an excellent complement to my Washburn, which has mellowed out over the years. They are a fair bit cheaper but has a tonal quality that rivals that of the Elixir strings. I can't speak to the manufacturers claim of "4 times more life," but as of now, I'd have to say these strings are a fantastic value for your money. Highly recommended.
I like them, but these strings are probably not for everyone. The EXP16s do provide a crisp, bright sound almost leaning towards metallic. This tone is actually refreshing on my old shallow-bodied Ovation. However, I have to imagine that on a dreadnought or jumbo this sound might be quite different.While I was not expecting it, my favorite aspect of the EXP16s is the playability. The play is a little more elastic than I thought it would be, and they are amazingly easy on the fingers.The only downside that I experienced with the EXP16s is the fact that, while giving once on the guitar, they are a little brittle off the guitar (I almost snapped my E getting it set up). Other than that, the strings are just a little squeaky. I personally like a little squeak, but at the current price point, I don't think that it would be a deal breaker even for those who don't.
I've been playing guitar for years and personally I would prefer Cleartone or Elixir strings. I bought these for my little sister and she loves them. They have a really nice sound to them. I feel like you could probably get some pretty equivalent strings for less money but my sister is very happy with these.
doesn't last as long or sound as bright as Elixirs but these are half the price. Good bargain though for $6.99.sounds all right to me, bright and well balanced sound.My little brother can't tell the difference since he's new, but it works well on his guitar.
I like D'Addario strings, but these did not impress me. They are not worth the extra cost, in my opinion.
These strings sound great. I Love the sustained bright tone. They work well with my cedar top guitar.  Easy on the fingers too.
not worth the price or matched the hype that you hear and read about. GHS strings are much cheaper and much better strings than these. I think they lasted a week on my guitar until I could get some more GHS or Slinky Acoustics on it.
One doesn't get much better than D'Addario strings.  In my opinion they're twice as clear as Martin strings and the EXPs just last forever.  I like the standard Phosphor Bronze just as well and use those as a less-expensive alternative.I certainly recommend D'Addario nylon strings on classical guitars.  I've heard no other string that has the crisp, clean, rich sound of this brand of strings.  I've used them for years and once in a while give in to the temptation to try another brand... but always come back to this one.Different diameter strings will sound significantly different, depending on the guitar you use.  I prefer this mid-range string set for overall depth of sound and mellow beauty of tone.  Any lighter and the guitar sounds "tinny", any heavier and I fear strings putting undue stress on the neck.  These are "just right".
Okay mine has just arrived.. So first of all I want to say packaging is great!!..I have just put it on my guitar and I have to say that I am impressed!!... the sound is so warm and bright. I have a nanoweb before, and so far the EXP16 is better...  I will stay on with the EXP16 right now!!..Great quality string...
I bought this to bring my fender strat with me on airplane trips.  I check the guitar in baggage with this case and it seems to protect it just fine.  the it is very good for a Stratocaster and there is a little extra room inside for tuner, picks, tuning forks, capo, etc.  and..........the price was very good.  best I could find for this time of hard case.  The only thing that is sort of weird is that most employees at the airport are constantly asking me if I have a gun in case.  If you need basic protection of your guitar, this will do very well.  I do not know if it will fit other guitars.  I have heard that some are too long for it.  but.......for the Fender stat, it works just great.
I ordered this for my Jackson DKMG. This is my 1st Gator case, and I'm very pleased with it. It is similar to SKB and fits my guitar very nicely. Being lightweight is a big plus as well, and also the secure feeling of having a HSC. I will definitely buy this again for other guitars and highly recommend it. Just remember that this model is for standard type axes; Strats, Teles and such.
This Gator Case is very good, I'm use with a fender stratto and it is fit perfectly on this one.
A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. My friend had a Tele custom made for him and needed a case so I ordered this one and it hits the spot. The neck is cradled in there nice and the guitar doesn't move at all. My buddy likes the case so I am happy.Nothing gets 5 stars - there are no generals present.
I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in this Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on.
I don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. When you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.It'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. I just don't like the features of this stand at all.
These stands are truly amazing.  They function perfectly for both acoustic and electric guitars and take up very little real estate in a room.  They are incredibly stable and have a nice thick cushion at the top so the guitar won't get scratched.
This is a pretty good stand and is relatively robust for its compact size.  Opens easily and folds up to a fairly small footprint for storage/transport, and it cradles the guitar nicely.Two minor issues:1) Personal gripe - the git leans back a bit more than I would like.  Makes it more difficult to hug a wall and ends up taking more 3D space than it really needs.2) Product gripe - the two footer bars are not quite level with each other, so it rocks just a little bit.  However, with a solid body electric on it, even a little rocking can be a really bad thing.I like OnStage and own several of their products.  They are well constructed and a good value so I have no doubt I was just unlucky with this one.  I've been applying a little persuasion to even it out and it's getting better, but with the relatively robust construction it just doesn't want to give much.  Kinda sucks that it's not level out of the box, so 4 stars.
Very sturdy stand suitable for stage use. This stand even accommodates a double neck. Its not very compact when folded but I'm still giving it 5 stars.
very well made of heavy metal framework.  has a very solid base.  the neoprene sleeve is thick and soft enough to protect your guitar.  the top neck clasp keeps the guitar from tipping forward and the quick release really works.  probably the best stand.
After 35 years of buying stands all I can say is that I should have invented it myself. I have many expensive guitars and I wouldn't use a inexpensive stand before I found this design. So if you're shopping and wonder if it's really good, you can trust me, because I'm way over qualified to pass judgement on this and I care about guitars and about Amazon shoppers.
Have had one for years.  Has survived many gigs and rehearsals, and many months in the trunk of my car.  Harsh environment!
After trying out a few other styles and brands, I settled on this stand, wanting something that would keep my 50s Telecaster from taking an unexpected fall. The overall design of the stand is great, but I had to return my first stand, as there were severe quality issues with the finish. There were at least 3 spots where the black finish didn't stick to the metal, and I essentially had bare metal spots sticking out. The neck portion was also sitting cockeyed about 15 degrees to the right, once it was clamped down to the main stand body. Disappointingly, the replacement unit I received also has this issue, but only about 7-10 degrees worth. I'm going to use this stand in the meantime while I try to find something of a nicer finish, and truly worthy of my guitar.
I use this stand to hold my yamaha electric guitar.It works perfectly.Super stable and doesnt take up much space.For the price I don't think it can be beat.
This does what you expect, it stands up a guitar. What can else can be said? It has a swing lever that keeps the instrument an an unfortunate accidents. It is portable, folds up easily for storage. I usually have a guitar on it all the time.
I've bought 4 of these over the past couple of years.  I wanted a stand that is pretty solid but also had a clamp to hold the guitar that I could use one handed.  It gives me piece of mind that somone won't just brush up against a guitar and damage it.  I've noticed that it has been backordered on several sites, so I expect that there are a lot of other people who really like it too.
Totally perfect for holding my guitar!  Super sturdy, easy to put in/take out!  Wide enough stance that you don't have to worry about it falling over on carpet!
This is a good stand that can be used for both electric and acoustic guitars. The upper brace has an interesting way of securing the guitar neck making it unlikely your instrument will topple over. The stand can be used with or without the upper brace. On mine, the wheel that locks the upper brace in place is not as locking as I'd like it to be. Also, the &#34;feet&#34; don't spread as wide apart as I'd hoped. A few more inches would have been appreciated. All in all, a good but not &#34;perfect&#34; stand.
I've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting.  This one is the worst.  The plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle.  Bad...just bad.Secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp.  It seemed loose after I got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement.  After twisting on it twice I stripped it out.  Now the thing is worthless.  I'm returning it ASAP.I would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing.  Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Nady 6" pop filter.  If you don't, you'll wish you did.
As stated it's a bit heavy which causes problems when used on a stand with a boom, but it's a decent product at a fair price.
It's a good product, works well and does what it's meant to do.  I'm glad I bought it over the other main pop filter, as that one has bad reviews.
Frankly, I'd never heard of a "pop filter" until my popping p's and b's came into consciousness at the same time that this device popped into my field of view on an Amazon web page.  I'll bet that a couple of layers of women's nylon stockings would be just as effective, but this contraption pretty much purges your elocution of the offensive phonemes (they're called "plosives").  I'm still hearing the "s" phonemes (sibilants) along with some guttural artifacts ("back" vowels prefaced by an "h" that ignite a momentary gargling effect), but this filter doesn't purport to be able to do anything about those buggers.As for the price, after seeing the gooseneck, the base, the generous-sized screws, etc., I'm prepared to say that  this one is fairly valued (I doubt that the Shure or Blue pop filters, at almost double the price, offer anything more than brand-name status).  The hardware and build-quality are about as solid and heavy-duty as you could wish for.  (I know I'll never be able to blow it away.)  Unfortunately, the clamp seems designed to fit on a mic stand rather than a computer screen, which is almost a half-inch too thick.
You may wat to reconsider buying ANY filter.On this model, the top (filter) part is essentially pantyhose wrapped around a cardboard tube.Despite this, the clamp and adjuster parts are relatively good.In all honesty, Buy a nicer filter, or none at all. They do NOT make a huge difference on recording quality unless you're using Top-of-the-line microphones. If this is the case, spend the money to get a nicer filter.One nice thing- these keep artists from getting too close to the mic and essentially making out with them. I found that quality nice when dealing with... passionate vocalists.
Not much to it, does what it should, holds a standard mic. Pivots in 1 direction only. Not the best build quality in the world (actually fairly thin plastic) but for $5 what else can you ask for? Should last a few months at least.
Its poorly made with attention to detail. I ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at Amazon. But they will not screw down all the way and are losse. It is useless!!! Other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine.
I've been buying gear from Alto Music since 1980. I've trusted them with my guitars, and they've helped me make the right decisions for my needs and budget. Last year, I bought a set of Fender Custom Shop Texas Specials directly from Alto's web site. Over the past year, I received a bunch of Amazon gift certificates and wanted to get myself a Shure SM7b. When I saw that I could get the mic from Alto Music, it was a no brainer. I was purchasing from my local music store through Amazon. As for the mic, it's an SM7b, and it's everything I was looking for, despite it being a low output mic. It's smooth, has a sexy low end color, has no harshness, brittleness, or high frequency unpleasantness that can occur with some condensers. I'm recording in an untreated basement, and this mic is perfect for when I'm singing loud rock stuff; it only picks up what's right in front of it and none of the room. I'm using a Focusrite 2i2, which is great for loud singing, but I'm picking up a Cloudlifter for some more clean quiet gain to use this mic on acoustic guitars and softer vocals as well. For me the mic has been all it's cracked up to be.
You are looking at what I consider to be the best friend a voice ever had.  During a 40 year broadcast and voiceover career I have used (or been forced to use) every other large diaphragm studio mic on the planet along with the Shure SM7B and it's predecessors the SM7 and SM5.Large diaphragm dynamics have some notable advantages over condenser microphones for voiceover work and solo vocalists in multi-track studio work.  I've used over the years the Sennheiser MD421, EV RE20, EV RE27N/D, Shure SM7B, Shure SM7, Shure SM5 and most recently tried a Heil PR-40.  Sometimes this was not of my own selection, but I just used what was available.  Of the lot the Shure SM7B is my favorite of the ones still available.  The SM7B is a better shielded SM7 and the SM7B of today has a better shock mount than the old SM7 or earlier SM7B.  The shielding in the B model minimizes RFI from computer monitors, florescent lighting, radio transmitter proximity, etc.  The SM7 was a redesign of the SM5.  I consider the SM5 to have been the very best vocal dynamic microphone ever created but it hasn't been in production in ages.  I have used a few ribbon microphones that were also pretty good such as the RCA 77DX and RCA 44 but they were not as good as the SM5 or SM7 or SM7B.Today's SM7B is the best non-condenser vocal microphone still in production.  Stop looking and buy one.  You will not find a better microphone for voice work whether singing or spoken word.  It has a very controllable proximity effect, something that is missing from the EV's.  I can play a SM7B like a violin, the others I just don't seem to have nearly as much proximity effect to toy with for dramatic impact.Everything that is good about condensers for voice work is in an SM7B while everything that is bad about condensers for voice work isn't.DJ's change jobs a lot and I got tired of finding the EV RE20 & RE27N/D mics or the Sennheiser everywhere I went, so I bought my own SM7B.  I never liked the EV's or Sennheiser much and didn't ever feel like they were much of a tool.  The Heil PR-40 is pretty good but doesn't have any on-board EQ options.  For recording not having the EQ is probably no big deal as you can tweak it in post production but for live radio you can't do much of that.The SM7B is a tool for skilled vocal talent, so if you are trying to make a novice sound good you might do better with an RE27N/D but for someone who actually knows how to really work a microphone over then the SM7B is only dynamic large diaphragm mic I know of that can deliver everything a real voice artist has to give.  The reason is that this microphone is designed for one thing, voice work.  The others are more versatile, but the SM7B is "THE VOICE" microphone and that was all it was intended to be. It has however found secondary duty as a bass cab microphone and it is pretty good at recording some very loud and boomy sound effects, but it is primarily a vocal microphone.Of all the instruments that have ever been recorded or broadcast, the human voice is the most complex and difficult to capture reliably.  That is one reason vocals sound good on a $4,000 tube condenser microphone, since it can capture all the complexity, inflection and multi-frequency overtones of the human voice.  Unfortunately even these very best condensers also pick up lots of things you didn't intend and also have at least a trace of self generated noise.  If you are doing a dry voiceover you can't hide the hiss of a condenser under something else.  With the SM7B you don't have to.Even for singing this microphone is sort of a secret weapon that kids calling themselves "Recording Engineers" today are usually totally ignorant about.  They figure anything short of a multi-thousand dollar tube condenser microphone is inferior for studio vocals and this microphone proves them wrong.If you want a good all around microphone, this is NOT it.  If you want the best dynamic vocal microphone, here it is.  As others have mentioned the output needs a decent preamp but works with all the pro studio gear I've ever connected to it.  I think if you have some cheap USB interface then you will want to put another preamp in front of it and that will make it far more usable for recording whispers.  Most real studio preamps are a good match for it. I've plugged it into some real junky mixers and had it work too.  You need at least 60 dB of gain, the spec sheet actually says 59.  70 dB would be better. Lots is made of the "LOW OUTPUT" of -59 dB but it isn't all that much less than the Shure SM58 which is -54.5 dB! -4.5 dB isn't much at all for any decent mic preamp.  But again most of the "one-box-solution" USB interfaces with built-in mic preamps is probably going to need some help as they were designed with the hotter output of a condenser in mind.The Shure SM7B comes with the built in shock mount in the stand mounting and yoke attachments.  Every other large diaphragm dynamic has a shock mount made for it but it costs extra.  They all need an external windscreen but only the SM7B comes with one! I got mine 10 years ago when it still came with two windscreens.  It has a nice metal case for storage/travel.  I think now they just come with one windscreen which is the bigger one Shure calls the A7WS but still come in the metal case.  I use the smaller windscreen mostly and Shure calls them the RK345 and their distributors still carry them. The smaller windscreen makes the microphone more open and airy for me and I'd suggest getting one of the RK345's, but that is the only accessory you'll need to add.  The windscreens are held on by some little Velcro tabs but easily interchanged.  They are also very durable for foam screens.On the back end of the tube is a round plate you remove with a hex key and under the plate are multiple EQ adjustments for Flat/Bass Rolloff/Presence Boost settings that you can fiddle with to get the sound you like best. You can just leave the plate off if you want. This is easily the most EQ flexibility of any large diaphragm dynamic.So I'm just adding my two cents worth here and joining the others who pretty much all agree this thing rules for voice work.  I should have written this review earlier but wanted to try the new Heil PR-40 first to make sure I was still an SM7B guy and it took a while for the Heil tryout to happen since I didn't want to actually buy one.  I still am an SM7B guy.  I would give it 4.5 stars but it won't let me do that, since there is nothing better right now in the class I rounded it up to 5 stars, but the SM5 was actually a bit closer to a 5 star vocal mic.
I can't do more than underscore the endorsement of this mic by the previous reviewer (FOX).  If you haven't started in the mic-collecting business, trying every trendy dynamic and condenser mic in the hundred dollar range and below, you might actually save some bucks by cutting directly to the chase and going for this one.  I've always wondered why I can't reproduce the sounds of our local NPR outlet, and I finally realize it's because they have the Shure SM7B and I don't.It enhances the voice with depth and richness and filters out the pops and unwanted percussives (face it, those separate pop filters are cumbersome to use).  It's very directional and "selective" (rejecting room ambience and background noise), so it's perhaps not the ideal mic for all applications.  But for announcing, broadcasting, vocal performance and vocal recording, I don't see how anything could possibly equal let alone surpass it.
What you need to know about this mic:1) This mic is very directional. You must keep your mouth in the sweet spot at all times for best results. Pulling back an inch gets into tinny muddy territory, and an inch too close makes for a strong proximity effect. I found that a palm's width from the tip of the mic works best. As long as I keep my mouth there, the results are predictable and good regardless of the room I'm in. Also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. Aimed too high (like at the bridge of the nose) sounds sneering and nasal. Right at the upper lip works well for me.2) The bass cut and presence boost are convenient. Use a plastic thing like a guitar pick to switch them, as metal will scratch it. I've played around with the switches and in the end both set to flat was best. Initially I thought the presence boost was a good idea, but in a mix it made my vocals too honky in the upper mids. Flat's where it's at. Flat sounds most natural.3) Being a dynamic, it won't sound as open and airy as a condenser might. Though it takes EQ well, and you can EQ that in. If you remove the foam and use a pop filter, you do get more highs, but after working with that for a while I realized it doesn't always sound right, seems to unbalance the highs above 5k toward sibilance a little too much, but it might work for you. After using it for a few years, I learned that starting with a bad mix that is too bright or blaring and then adding in the SM7B on vocals causes the mic to appear dull and muffled, but really it's the mix that's the problem. Whereas if I start with the vocal sound and make it clear and natural, and build the mix around it, the mix turns out to have a natural sound that's not too bright or dull either.4) Yes, it rejects room sounds more than a condenser, but not gobsmacked amazingly so. It rejects what's behind and to the side, but in front it's pretty sensitive. So if you're singing with an echoey room behind you, it will pick that up. So don't think this will make you sound like you're in a dead control room, unless you actually are in one. Hang some blankets or acoustic foam behind you and you're set. Being that it records about twice as dry as a condenser, it takes reverb pretty well in a mix, meaning you can add reverb and delay without having your vocals drop too far away and undefined in the mix.5) So what does it sound like? The sound is *very* natural and true to my voice. It truly is a vocal mic first and foremost. That plus the dry/up-close characteristic are this mic's top selling points. It works fantastically on death metal growls and clean singing atop sparse/acoustic/clean backgrounds. It does have slight color in the mids; I agree with the frequency response chart indicating it has a slight scoop 400-900Hz, slight boost 1000-2000Hz, but it's still natural sounding despite that. The color is tailored to the voice: reduce the honky boxy mids, accentuate the main vocal intelligibility range. That's one reason why this mic is considered "flattering" on vocals. It still has body though, definitely not a thin sounding mic.6) This thing is heavy and rugged. The capsule is surrounded by this truncated cone-like metal screen enclosed on all sides. The screen is like the kind you see behind microwave oven doors. What I like about this mic is that I can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. So it's actually compact in practice and quick to set up with one of those detachable mic adapter mounts. Even without the adapter, it has a convenient free rotating collar to screw it onto a mount/stand so that you can hold the mic in place while screwing it down.7) This mic needs 50 dB gain for loud singing, 55-60dB for quiet singing, 65-70dB for whispering. Make sure your preamp is designed for at least 60dB of clean gain. Some cheaper USB interfaces only go up to 35dB. If your interface lacks the juice, no worries, get yourself a CloudLifter and it'll add 25dB of nice clean gain and it's phantom powered too.Overall, I would prefer a condenser in a good room since it allows me to move a little more without coloring the sound, and because it has a more openness and air compared to this one. But since my room isn't perfect, this will do. The biggest pros are that it's natural sounding and that even with reverb and delay it stands out in a mix. It's especially good on spoken voice, as it was designed for, since unlike a condenser the SM7B does a very good job of not picking up as many mouth clicks, mouth noises, and background hissing.In the end, if I had to get rid of all my mics and keep only one for vocals for the rest of my life, it would be the SM7B. Mainly because I know I can conveniently use it anywhere, anytime, and get reliable good results.EDIT 2014:  Forgot to say, when you listen to mic shoot-outs on the net, often times the tip of the SM7B will be positioned the same distance as the condenser. This is a problem because the SM7B's diaphragm is actually back a few inches. So the condensers will be closer to the talent (or lack of talent) than the SM7B in such cases, causing the latter to sound more duck-ish, honky, un-detailed, or thin due solely to distance factors, and is thus not characteristic of the intrinsic mic color. In shoot-outs where the proper distance was used, you'd be surprised how much the SM7B sounds like a good condenser. It really does. Of course it may be missing air (or conversely, be less prone to sibilance) but as I said below you can *easily* EQ that in, since this mic takes EQ very well. Seriously, a 2dB shelf in the highs. Another thing I wanted to add, is that the gentle bump in the 1k to 2k region (for vocal definition) that his mic has, can sound slightly honky or strident or blaring depending on some sources, but again you can EQ that down a bit. And finally, when Shure says this mic has a flat response, that's not true, it has color and the frequency response charts show it. Yet, the color gives it a larger than life natural sound on voice, so it sounds natural even though it's not completely transparent and honest.
I bought this compression pedal to give my leads a little extra oomph and it does just that. When playing hammer-ons and pull-offs, sometimes it can be difficult to get them to sound as loud as the rest of your picking, but not when using this pedal. It amplifies your quieter sounds and levels off the louder ones to give a smoothe sound. Works great if used correctly. Not to be used with dynamic picking sounds because you will lose that louder/softer sound.I use this with a Gibson Les Paul, and Washburn Hollowbody through a Fender Super Champ amp along with other pedals.  It can cause some major feedback if using heavy distortion.
This is a great pedal to have in your setup, for those times you want a clean sound that will cut through the mix, yet will not just sound blaringly loud and undefined. I used a Boss compression pedal for many years, and the Dyna Comp was definitely a refreshing step in the right direction. It just sounds more organic, and less sterile than the Boss Pedal. I also think in this case, less is more, as far as the controls are concerned.
I don't know if its me, but i cant get any clean sound when this pedal is on, i use this for booster, really sounds good! use it too when i want to get feedback from my amp.also it comes with an anti slip sticker that you can put underneath the pedal.i recomend this one.
I like MXR products however I am always Leary of the metal button on pedals because of the possibility of the pop factor. The dyna comp does still equal out my sound from clean to overdrive. A must for pedal boards.
This compressor is a must have for my bass guitar rig and is used often in my other musicians' electric guitar rigs. It's very basic - two controls and one toggle - but gives quite a bit of punch and allows for a much stronger signal. Both my jazz bass and my Precision Bass sound great through this pedal.
I bought this pedal at a local shop and use it with both guitar and Bass. I usually put it before a distortion pedal and my original Phase 90, or use it as a standalone with an old amplifier to even out the signal. I do notice it is more effective with the guitar than bass, but that is typical. I usually do not turn the compression knob past 12 o'clock, but when using a chain of pedals, the compressor helps even out the lows and highs. The pedal seems to interact with a wah in good ways also. For the price, it seems like the best economical choice for compressor pedal out there and the MXR pedals are built like tanks. I have had this one and the Bass model for years and they hold up great while showing their age well.
Its OK, the adjust ability is not what i would like but it does have some uses and its built like a tank. i got this for free from my girlfriend who had it given to her from some old guy who told her it was a broken distortion pedal so i can't complain about it not being worth what i paid for it. i currently have this on my pedal board along with a Digitech MainSqueeze which is less expensive, more adjustable and just more versatile. would i buy this, yes if i didn't try anything else first. nuff said.
This stand is solid built, and for the price you cant beat it. The only minor problem I have it with it is that it begins to get a little wobbly once you start to bring it near it's max height.
I needed a couple of extra boom stands instead of a regular stand for a couple of my cymbalsand set these up and I am pretty happy with them.. They could have been a litte taller, howeverthere pretty good duty and do a good job for the money.  You could do better however you willpay quite a bit extra.  I would buy more if I needed them.
Nice padded seat, well constructed. good padding for comfort, I go 190lbs.  Heavy duty base, lots of adjustment if needed. love Amazon, why shop anywhere else?
I've seen Joey Jordison from Slipknot playing on a metal folding chair before, so i'm going to say right off the bat that you can play sitting on just about anything. It's pretty hard to make a crappy product when it comes to Drum Thrones, so with that I'm going to say you're either going to get a great product or something that you can't even use. In this case, you can look forward to getting a great product here! The stool is very sturdy, no rocking, no swaying, no moving at all. Very comfortable... in fact, my girlfriend grabs it to sit on every time she comes into my studio to hang out with me. Worth the money, great product!
I sit. I drum. It works.  There's not much to say except that it get the job done very well.
I have found this throne to be comfortable for studio use and it seems to be solid enough for everyday use.  It is sturdy and heavy enough for the average player and the price is definitely right.  The padding is just about right and feels good and comfortable for the session times for which I have used it.  I don't know how it would hold up for touring or constant use, but it is perfect for my needs, as I am a guitarist who plays drums for demos in the studio.
Comes with Adapter.This thing controls your tone so well!!!!!Everything about it is just so much worth the money im starting to fall in love with MXR!
I had never considered using an EQ pedal before seeing and buying this, but man....I was missing out! The ten bands are truly incredible in shaping a precise sound and is especially impressive when using distortion. Each band is hyper sensitive....five for tone (high/mid/low) and five for gain. Aside from providing exact sound control, it also boosts your volume a little and functions as an overdrive as well. If you dont use distortion though, you can still benefit highly from this pedal, as even the clean channels become more crisp and effects more pronounced. This is especially highlighted when using delay or chorus, but distinctly noticeable regardless. By far the most versatile pedal I have ever used. I cant imagine not using it now that I have it. One further note....you can run this through an adapter chain if you dont want to dedicate an outlet to this one pedal....but, it is really cool that the power supply is included with the purchase. Just ups the value even further. I really cant recommend this highly enough. I think every guitarist and bass player should own one.Enjoy!
This is an always on pedal for me.It's at the end of my pedal board right before the BBE.It really allowed me to wake up the board - and I like the fact that I can adjust it on the fly if I don't totally agree with my tone that night.Very nice - built like a brick - every guitarist and bassist needs one of these whether you run a pedal board or not.
I like the sound and sensitivity these heads produce for the snare side of my snare drum. A work of caution though, like all snare resonant heads, these are very thin! They must be to produce the sensitivity in the snare wires required. But you must be careful. I tore a small hole in one of mine with the snare wires because the end of the snare wires were too close to the bearing edge. Not Remo's fault but it is something to pay attention to.
Just assembly for a try, only few rolls with music, it's had some hole on head, that's mean bad quality. buyer beware for this kind of.
We've been using Remo heads for years on our kits for our band that plays everything from Classic rock to Speed Metal.Great quality, very durable.You can buy Remo heads with your eyes closed.
all joking aside, these heads really are great. tune em right and you'll get a nice, warm tone from them that's unmatched with other brands
I ran across this thing a few weeks ago and decided to give it a try.  I'd been looking for a boom attachment for a non-boom stand because I play guitar and sing.  This seemed perfect, and it is.  Regular booms have always been a necessary evil, in my book.  They can be helpful, but also take up too much "air space" on cramped stages or in small rehearsal spaces.  This thing gives you plenty of room to get the stand out of the way without making an annoyance of itself.  The other thing I like is that the elbow where it adjusts has teeth that interlock, so you're not just tightening a joint and relying on friction - as those are the kind of things that eventually fail once the tightening bolt gets tired.Anyway - no reservations about this one.  A dead-simple idea that works great.
This item works well for keeping the mic away from the stand allowing room for guitars. I tried a flexible goose neck but it was way too loose and would not hold the mic steady. The locking teeth on the adjuster firmly hold the stand in 1 position. The short extension in the picture is not on the unit I received but it really is not needed it works fine as delivered. I would purchase this unit again and again. It is a good piece and a good deal!
This is a tough unit, easy to set and locks tight.  The materials are robust.In a home studio there is never a lot of room and I didn't want a big boom hanging off the other side of my mic stand.  This fit the bill perfectly.  On the package there is an illustration of this being used at the end of a long boom to hang a mic in the perfect possition, and yeah, one could totally do that with this.This is a simple device and no corners were cut in its manufacture.
I use is this mount to support a Samson meteor mic. It works great. I would definitely buy this again. The mounting is designed to work on any diameter microphone stand. It has good positive adjustments even with a heavy mic on the end.
Haven't had this long, but so far, it's just about perfect. I had bought another On-Stage side boom earlier and was greatly disappointed by its flimsiness (On-Stage MY550 - see review). This one on the other hand is rock solid and much more adjustable, AND only costs a few bucks more (fourteen buckos at present). I've got a 13" gooseneck and a light-ish condenser mic with a shock-mount on it, and it's as steady as can be. I'm convinced even heavier loads will be no problem. If you're in need of a side boom, look no further.
I use this to position my iPad a way so that it's out of the sight-line of the audience, but it's also great for mic-ing drums. Sturdy, flexible and well designed. Lots of metal where there needs to be metal. Buy a few, you'll be glad you did.
I was very skeptical to buy a Wuhan china because ive had bad experiences before and their quality control is almost non-existent.That being said, the china I received is amazing its a nice thick little cymbal and has a great sharp tone and fast decay.My opinion of Wuhan has been raised quite a bit.
If looking for that oriental sound, this is it.  Nicely made.  Some folks expect something different, I suspect.  It is not a cymbal that you use like a crash or ride, it is more like a splash and at that it is for use for a particular sound.  Highly recommend,  And when I bought it was very well priced - like half what I could find used  (and this was NEW!).
Think it sounds like a trash can lid? No, it doesn't. It sounds like a crappy china which has it's place (in the rehersal studio for one...). Want a really good china? Spend more money. That's how it works. Great for practicing. Small diameter gives it a shrill overtone. Poor on recordings (unless you're looking for that... there's always an application). For $20 though, c'mon. What do you want? Anyone giving it less than 3 stars is a pretentious wad. It's $20. It was made in the remote hills of Wuhan China where they've been making cymbals of sorts for more than 3,500 years and you got one for $20. Or go buy a K Kustum and quit your sniveling. I say get one! get them all in all sizes and you still spent less than an actual professional china. boyah.
Any size Wuhan china sounds great. This little 12-inch model is high-pitched, but has that trashy Wuhan sound. I prefer Wuhan to any Zildjian, Paiste, or Sabian china.
I was in a local music store the other day and noticed a huge stack of these cymbals, with a few examples mounted on stands to try. While they're not as rich as Zildjians or Paistes or other more expensive cymbals, they do have that trashy sound that you look for in a China. And at the asking price, who can resist?
wow haha!! this china...really packs a punch haha!! I got this china and was blown away by it. my band loves it, the crowds love it, and most importantly it is very loud and trashy. great for hardcore drummers
We live in an age of endless boutique guitar effect pedals.  One could make a very expensive hobby of collecting only high dollar dirt pedals.  It's not unusual to see an online review and think a pedal sounds good then find out that it costs $150, $200, $250, $350...whatever.  There are a LOT of really expensive distortion/OD pedals out there.I've had my Bad Monkey for about 7 years, after hearing good things I took a chance and gigged with it for many years.  I rarely use a lot of gain on most pedals, just because those fuzzier tones can easily get lost in the mix.  I generally use the Bad Monkey for mid-gain crunch tones, and for that it's just fantastic.Having two tone controls makes all the difference.  This pedal is Tubescreamer-esque, but not as midrange-heavy as a TS.  Anyway, this thing sounds great.  Excellent classic rock and lead tones.The things it WON'T do: 1) a clean boost.  It has plenty of output, but there's always a little bit of dirt in the signal, so it can't be used as a pure clean boost.  2)  it won't clean up when you turn your guitar down...or at least not much.  No dialing in a crunch tone then turning down your guitar volume for a clean rhythm tone.  I have a Barber LTD which does that beautifully.But, despite those limitations, the Bad Monkey is awesome.  At the very least it can be a great "throw in your case to take to a jam" pedal, but it's worth having on your pedalboard, as well.
This is a very good TS type pedal at a great price.  The ability to adjust treb and bass is nice.  The enclosure is metal, the knobs feel sturdy, and the switch has a durable feel.  This is an analog pedal an the only Digitech pedal I've ever contemplated keeping.  I ordered this pedal through Amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal.  If you don't have a TS type pedal this is a good, cheap choice. Personally, I didn't think it sounded any better (or worse) than my other TS type pedals (Behringer TO800,Joyo Vintage Overdrive,Deltalab TO-1,TS808 and TS7).  As I indicated, I have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol.  I opted instead for the Dano Cool Cat transparent overdrive and I am very happy.  If you don't have a TS type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a TS808, you may want to check this out first.
I've had this pedal for about five years.  I own a bunch of other overdrive pedals, including the Boss SD-1, TS-9, a Klon clone, and a bunch of DIY pedals.  The Bad Monkey is cool for a couple of reasons.  First is the bass and treble controls.  Most overdrive pedals only have one tone control, the Bad Monkey lets you sculpt both the highs and lows.  Second is the mixer out.  Not everyone will appreciate this feature but it allows you to jack the pedal into a mixer or audio interface with a "speaker sim".The gain sound is ok, but what I do is use it as a boost by diming the output and turning the gain all the way down which slams my tube amp giving me a natural tube overdrive.  This pedal will work best with a tube amp but some people may dig the gain tone on a solid state.It's built like a tank.  Can't go wrong for the price, IMO.
This is purely an overdrive pedal, not a distortion pedal.  It increases the gain and dirties your tone, but it does not actually distort your sound.If you're a metal or hard rock player, don't buy this.  It's better suited for country, soul, R&B;, blues, or even jazz players who want to boost their volume and umph when they're doing a solo.  For that it's excellent, especially considering its very low price.And despite its very low price, it's very solidly built.  It's like a brick.This update is to point out that I've only used the Bad Monkey pedal with tube amps: A Fender Blues DeVille 4x10 and a Line 6 Spider Valve HD100 MK II running into an Ampeg 4x12.  I have no idea how it'll sound with a solid state amp.  But it sounds great with a tube amp.This update is to point out that I finally tried it with a solid state amp and it sounds pretty darn good.  I recently bought a 100 watt Fender Mustang III combo to use as a practice amp.  It perfectly compliments my Fender Blues DeVille 410/Fender Mustang floorboard combination.  As I've said, I use the Bad Monkey as a boost for soloing.  Whether I'm playing clean or dirty, the Bad Monkey gives my guitar a rich/deep/great sounding boost.This update is to reiterate how awesome this pedal is.  I rarely play directly through any of my amps, e.g., Fender Hot Rod Deluxe, Blues Deville, Super Champ x2 or Ampeg B25, I'll turn down the gain on the Bad Monkey and use it for a much fatter "clean" sound.  It's just so thick, like texas chili with lots of umph.  You've got to get this pedal.
This pedal makes my Les Paul sing.  Better than I imagined, even with all the good reviews.  Such a wide range of sounds; warm jazzy boost, great blues overdrive, and almost some Black Sabbath distortion.  Makes my crappy Behringer amp sound... almost good.
I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound.  The overdrive is quite good.  No, it can't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $48.00, it's an absurdly good buy.
More knobs are not always better.  In the case of this pedal, the controls are really sensitive, there's a pretty big mid hump that's hard to dial out, and the low end control can make things really boomy, or add a little chunk to the sound.  You can do a lot with it, but I struggle to find what it does best, because it doesn't really do edge of distortion well (it doesn't clean up), and it's not a really high gain distortion pedal, but it can just add a bit of tightness, hair metal mids, or thump to a standard OD sound.  Basically, if you have your amp set for 70s rock, you can stomp on this and get Motley Crue or maybe Bark at the Moon era Ozzy.Like a tubescreamer, this thing lets a little bit of the clean signal through so you hear the distorted guitar mixed with clean signal.  The circuit design is nothing like a tube screamer, but it can work as a substitute ( I think if you wanted the tube screamer sound, theJoyo JF-01 "Vintage Overdrive" Pedalwould be better just for simplicity sake and being more of a clone).So it's not bad, but its just not on the level of boutique pedals and their clones.  If you get tired of it, give it to your bass player or try it with a bass for an interesting tone.
I have a Boss OD which I realize now matches well with my little Vox tube amp, so I use this Bad Monkey pedal when I go direct for low level or headphone playing. Good price, good tone, pretty versatile, but I like the mid boost and harmonics I get from the Boss. The BM might work better with solid state.
I like the sound of this pedal and the ability to get the right over drive sound I want. I've used it with my reissue 70's Fender Strat plugged into my 1968 vintage Marshal 50 watt head and a slanted 4 cab. Love the sound. I am also using this pedal with my Ibanez GB 10 arch top jazz guitar and I am amazed with how good of an over drive I can get!! I've also owned a tube screamer, but I like this one better!!
I've tried to like this pedal, I really have.  Maybe it's my signal chain (?)  My experience with the DigiTech series is that they suck the tone out from your guitar.  Sure, the OD is there, but it isn't worth losing your tone, is it?  Again, I reiterate maybe it's just me.  I have been messing around with signal chains for almost 3 decades now.  And the blue pedal isn't any different, either IMO.  Grunge was OK, but not my kind of style.
Virtually eliminates all outside sound, allowing you to dial in a comfortable volume during rehersal and recording sessions.  Nice, flat response.
Mixed my band's album with these headphones - the sound quality is impressive in all ranges, and they have a very respectable bass response. They're also great for drum practice, as they block out the loudness of the drums so I can hear my metronome perfectly. They're also awesome for live recording use as a monitor. I will definitely be purchasing several more of these in the future.
They cancel out sound just like they say they do and are comfortable. I have to take my glasses off when I use them, but other than that exactly what I thought they'd be when I ordered them.
Price:Very reasonable price for what they do.Comfort:These stay on your head very well and are comfortable, I have not noticed ear irritation yet.Noise reduction:These are absolutely stellar at noise reduction. These block so much sound, you no longer have to blast your music to hear over your drums. They also don't distort out side sound. Some over ear headphones distort outside sound horribly.Sound quality:Crisp mid and high range. When it comes to the low end, these are lacking. And if you blast your music the low end distorts. But they block sound so well you don't have to blast them.Why not just buy in ear head phones, and over ear muffs?I have tried this many times due to not being able to find good head phones. It is very annoying, doesn't work very well, and looks pretty dumb too. These head phones are a much better solution.
I got these for noise reduction, barking dogs, loud trucks etc. They work well for that. The only drawback is that they fit very tight on my head. After a time the pinch is bit much. I have a small (7-1/4) hat size too. However, the price was great, and the sound is good. I'm no audiophile, but do play guitar, mando and dulcimer, and for me these phones deliver a good, well rounded sound.One other thing, these headphones are made for the studio, not for outdoor use.So, if you can deal with the pinch, I highly recommend these headphones for noise reduction and sound quality.
these do a good job of isolating out the sound.  They work very well.  Would recommend it to other people
Works perfectly.  Nice feel to it and seems sturdy.  You just have to remember not to turn on the keyboard with your foot down otherwise it switches polarity and does the opposite of what you want it to.
Great accessary for Yamaha keyboards. Fits and works well. Very adequate construction, should last for many hours of playing at home or out!
I am a professional musician, keyboard player, and keyboard collector (mostly vintage poly analog, but also a ton of mono phonics, modulars, and built your own kit units (shrugging, ambik-) etc - not that that has a lot to do with a pedal, however, I do live the life of a person surrounded by keyboard instruments that I use to make my living.  have purchased every brand and style of pedal (for the purpose of this, we'll stick with sustain.).Compared to other units, it is heavier than most and I find the point where sustain engages to be just about right comparing electronic to acoustic.  It is just an on/off switch, so no half modeling here,The only reason I gave this unit 4 stars instead of 5 is because Yamaha decided not to include a polarity switch and alienate perhaps 20% of the market who will get home and , if they hadn't thought to check, may be stuck wi a pedal that sustains when not being used and stops sustaining when pressed.  A backward sustain pedal is not fun.  Many manufacturers include a simple polarity reverse  switch that would eliminate that potential headache.These days, most keyboards have the option to switch polarity internally either thru a global bemusement or by sensing whether the pedal is engaged at startup and adjusting accordingly (never press the sustain pedal while turning your keyboard on, you may very well cause an issue you don't expect and are confused by - turning on and off again without the pedal depressed will clear everything up in those cases.)So - build quality, excellent.  Durability - excellent (I've had a bunch of cheaper pedals - used on stage - break  at the switch point or at the jack), this Yamaha endures.  Design - some older pedals used to have a flip out rubber footrest that was supposed to make the pedal more secure- I don't see that much anymore, but, so long as you aren't on glossy hardwood, this will stay I place with no issue.I've read a few reviews that give this pedal a bad rating because of what appears to be a change in a global setting on a keyboard, or something similar,  All a sustain pedal consist of is a momentary contact switch, engaged when contact is made by depressing and completing the circuit, and disengaged when the pedal is released.  There are no electronics - so - if it doesn't work, there are three points to look at 1) unscrew the jack and be sure that the wires coming from the pedal are all  connected to the metal posts inside the housing. There are usually two wires of differing color.  if one is disconnected, the pedal will cease to function (and, in rare instances, cause the keyboard to sustain all notes indefinitely.  This is easily corrected with a soldering iron and a bit if solder - jacks are points of strain so it isn't inconceivable that a wire could come disconnected. 2) The switch itself it either out if adjustment or is damaged.  The switches in the Yamaha pedals are of good quality and unless you received a faulty part, would be unlikely to wear out with normal use. I have, however, needed to take the pedal apart and made an adjustment.  this was easy and a quick fix, even with limited tools.  The third option is 3) the keyboard has had a change in a global setting causing the pedal t operate in reverse.  This can be corrected by consulting your owners manual and reading whether your keyboard has a software polarity &#34;switch&#34;, if it senses on startup, or if you pedal simply stopped working altogether - doing nothing At all - it is #1 or 2 or a problem with the jack on the keyboard (HIGHLY unlikely,,but I've seen it happen.). Hopefully this helps some who have posted questions.To conclude - a nice pedal for the money, much better build than the m-audio (decent, just not as nice as the Yamaha - certainly not a bad unit)/on stage (if they can't get most of their mic stands right, I don't trust them with even basic electronics...) or generics.
Does what it should and Yamaha quality.  The price seems very good for what you get out of this pedal.  I am using on a Yamaha board.
My first guitar ever, I am happy with it. I read great reviews here and the price seemed good. It is a slightly darker color than the picture, as others have mentioned. And the top part isn't pink like the pic, also as others have mentioned. It still looks pretty. I did as another reviewer suggested and replaced the strings with extra light ones (to minimize finger pain) I ordered "d'addario EJ15-3D phosphor bronze acoustic guitar strings, extra light" in a package of three sets. And I like those strings better. The color is nicer (though the originals weren't rusty, they looked new-- others have said their strings were rusty but mine weren't) but most importantly it's easier for a beginner like me to play with lighter (thinner) strings.I might also do what someone else said and lower the string height by filing down that one part (I am a female and it's already hard enough to press down the strings cause my fingers are shorter than a man's, especially bar chords), but for now this is fine.I also ordered "dava 6024 grip tip" guitar picks, they are nice. And I got a "kyser 6-string capo" in gold and that works well. And I got a "planet waves acoustic guitar quick release system" add-on for my guitar strap to provide more security than the just tying a string to the neck. The strap I got was a Levy's with pretty floral pattern which is comfortable. And I got a "planet waves pro winder" string winder/cutter which came in handy for re-stringing. And I bought an acoustic guitar gig bag which I haven't tried yet. And I keep the guitar sitting on an "on stage xcg4" guitar stand. And I got a string cleaner by fender.So I write all this in case you were a beginner like me and had no idea what to buy along with your new guitar. I'll be using mine to sing with, so that's why I needed a capo cause many songs I sing need a capo. I use a lot of youtube tutorials to learn how to play, and also find tabs/chords on "ultimate-guitar" website. I can tune my guitar for free from using the program on garageband (a music recording program that comes on mac computers) and on garageband there is also a great guitar tutorial video lesson series which has been helpful. I am very satisfied with my purchase. It came in a big rectangular box and inside that box was another one that looked like a coffin! Haha it made me laugh. And inside that was my lovely new guitar.
After going to various guitar/music stores and trying out many guitars (Yamaha,Ibanez, Fender and others) I researched on the internet and stumbled upon this make/model and saw the MANY positive reviews it had. I was reluctant to purchase an instrument without playing it first, so I purchased the best sounding guitar locally (costing me $129). After 1 day I realized I was unhappy with it still and took a chance and purchased this guitar online. The many reviews were absolutely correct. THIS guitar is wonderful and sounds great. I replaced the strings yet the original strings were just as good as the LIGHT strings I bought. Even though it is only an $89 guitar, I will treasure this one as if it was $300. Perfect intonation all the way up to the octave. Low action and stays in tune for days!
I bought it just so I could learn a little bit of guitar. It sounds good and looks really nice. I get compliments on it.
I have learned out of experience that when you first pick up guitar, it is a bad idea to practice on a cheap instrument. Cheap $50-100 instruments do not play accurately, and you would be more likely give up. This, on the other hand, is NOT a low-quality instrument. Takamine makes many excellent instruments, this included. It plays very loud and clear, zero buzzing. If you are looking for a practice guitar for either yourself or someone else, look no further. I can guarantee that you will not find a guitar this magnificent for such an affordable price. Note: the package does not include a gig back or case, So I bought this one here, that fits the guitar perfectly:Musician's Gear Deluxe Dreadnought Case Black (Black)
This is a great guitar for the money. I paid $69.34 for my guitar and bought it through Amazon.com from Streamline Audio Video. It arrived ahead of schedule in great shape, ready to play right out of the box (after tuning it of course). If you want a better guitar than this, you will need to spend a whole lot more. The sound is great and it is easy to play. Only about 41&#34; long and may weigh a bit over the 6 lbs. stated in the description. My strings arrived is fine condition and the action was very close to what I will need.
This beginner level guitar is very good quality for the price. It's lightweight and has attractive but basic finishes. The biggest drawback is that the one I received required the action to be adjusted. The bridge needed lowered slightly and the nut held the strings way too high above the frets. The result was very sore fingers. These are easy fixes if you have the proper tools. Otherwise you'll have to pay a guitar shop to do a proper setup. Stock strings have a warm tone.
I didn't know what to expect given the price, but am happy to say this is a very nice guitar for the money. I am impressed by the quality of materials, components, and construction. For example, the tuning machines are substantial and heavily chromed; they work smoothly, and firmly hold the strings in tune. The instrument came relatively well set up right out of the box; the action didn't seem inordinately high, but I couldn't resist taking a little off the bottom of the compensated saddle even so, and now the guitar plays even better. I might tinker some more at some point, probably when it comes time to replace the strings, but for now I am quite happy with the playability and sound of this full-bodied dreadnought, which is rich and resonant and very impressive. I still can hardly believe it is possible to deliver such a fine instrument at such a low price, but the proof is indisputably before me.
I purchased this for my 10 year old daughter.  She is learning to play guitar and the classical guitar I gave her was just too wide for her little fingers to reach.  The action on this guitar is perfect and required no set up..was ready to go out of the box.  I almost kept it for myself as a knock around guitar it is that nice.  I have been playing for about 30 years and was really impressed with the quality of this guitar and the sweet, full, rich sound.  If you are looking at this guitar, buy it!  You will not be disappointed!
Bought bass case for strat,wanted extra space.as the lining is q memory foam and holds the instrument gently in place it also acts as the lid for the open space.I keep several music/note. Books under the head stock.other reveiwer complained of the excess space but that's what I wanted. It did have chemical smell but as I open items in garage,near trash can for the packaging.it aired in a few minutes. Totally happy with service and product.
This is my second case from them. Build good for carry and balance. Brass color lock that comes with it.
This is nearly identical to theGuardian Cases CG-020-B Bass Guitar Caseat about half the cost. However, there are some issues with this case as well as limitations.First the issues: while the covering appears to be stitched on, it is - for the most part - glued on, and if the case is left in a hot, unventilated space like a car for prolonged periods the covering will start to life at the edges. On the other hand, someone who takes care of their gear is probably not going to leave their instrument in a hot car (or garage or other storage space) for prolonged periods. However, you should be aware of the issue, if for no other reason than to remind you that if they case suffers, imagine the effect on your bass.The limitations are simple: the case, while a hard shell design, is not as strong as one made from ABS plastic. The top is relatively flimsy as are the sides. This is not a show stopper if you use the case for home storage and occasional gigs, but if you have a heavy road schedule, and especially of you are not personally loading and unloading the band's gear, this case will not afford you the protection of an ATA-style case.Also note that I have only used this case for a Fender Jazz Bass, so any long-scale J- or P-style basses will fit. I cannot be sure about other brands and models.I mentioned an ATA-style case as a better solution, and it is essential for protecting your instrument if you have heavy road or even local gig schedules. For less demanding protection I recommend that you also consider this case (which I purchased as an upgrade when I became aware of the issues and limitations of the Musician's Gear model:SKB Electric Bass Rectangular Hardshell, standard latches, handle.If you still opt for the Musician's Gear case, you are still getting relatively good value and are certainly making a large step up from a soft gig bag.
When I was looking for a Bass Case I just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. This fits the bill perfectly. It's not really a case that is meant for heavy travel (like checking it a the airport) but it definitely will take good care of your bass during normal travel. And the internal compartment is really nice for storing straps, cables, strings, etc. For the price this is an excellent case.
These are by no means touring cases. They're inexpensively made, which is a good thing because I hate to pay for a case that cost half of what the guitar cost and I don't tour. That said, they do a great job at protecting guitars that aren't out on a stand. I've got about a dozen guitars and when they're not gonna be played anytime soon I want to put them away in something more substantial than a gig bag. These do very nicely for that purpose. They are certainly more than capable of taking an instrument to a gig, but I wouldn't put a pricey guitar into this case if I new baggage handlers or shipping gorillas were going to be handling it. So, I recommend them, but be aware of its limitations.
I had a Cannon brand clutch and I bought this one to replace it. What I like about this one is how the release lever works. On the Cannon the lever was vertical. This made actuating it a less natural motion. With this one you hit it with a down stroke of your stick and it releases. That motion is much more natural and this makes it easier to use. An argument could be made that this one coule be easier to actuate accidentally but I have had no issue with it.Aside from the actuation of the release it is also well made and works very well.
Honestly it took a few adjustments to get it right, but now it works great.The black handle is a quick release to be used with a drum stick while playing. After a few tries I got it a good angle so it can be hit while being played.Height adjustment was also important. If the latch is to high, it will not grab the hi hat and bring it back up. Too low and it does not sound right.This replaced horrible Pulse Hi Hat hardware that shook loose every few songs, so I am completely pleased with it.definitely worth $13.00
good product  great price  works well so far  bought 2 for the price of one of the others  free ship  one for the road  one for pratice
This is an ingenious clutch that engages when you step on your hi-hat pedal, but will drop to the closed position when you hit the lever on the top. This allows you to either ride closed hi-hats when using both bass pedals, yet return to normal hi-hat playing when the music calls for it.Be aware that this clutch has only two positions - open and fully closed. However, there is a way to work around this if you like partially open hi-hats in the closed position for a sizzle sound.  I did a work around by placing a spring on the hi-hat stem, with metal and felt washers on the top of the spring, which gives me that opening when I drop the cymbal to closed.  There was a lot of trial and error finding the right spring because each cymbal pair has a different height when mated together, and I was looking for a tiny fraction of an inch opening.  Too small or low a tension a spring and stickwork chokes the sound. Too large or stiff and you will not get the sound.  However, this is all personal preference, and many drummers ride a fully closed hi-hat anyway, which makes this clutch perfect out of the box.Regardless of your hi-hat style, if you are using a double bass, this is a "must have" accessory. Gibraltar's model is solid, heavy duty, and engages and disengages perfectly every time.
I like to hit things. I use drums so nobody else gets hurt. I need the sticks to most effectively channel my aggression into the drums and not, say, local wildlife. These have the sweetest tone for battery-based abuse. Thanks Vic! Also, flammable!
My 8th graders are literally beating the crap out of these sticks. They are good and reasonably priced.  The principal is mad at me because I told them that a real drummer plays constantly, so the walls in the halls, cafeteria tables, and classroom desks are getting pounded constantly.
I have always liked these sticks. They are solid, look good and feel good. You will always get quality from vic firth. Only downer is they seem to break faster then some sticks such as Vaders.
These are great for all around playing. I've never received a bad stick from Amazon. These are reasonably priced and so much more convenient than going to Guitar Center and having to deal with the idiot in the drum room.I have a wide variety of Vic sticks that I bought here on Amazon. Another favorite is the 2BN, it's a log with a nylon tip, great for heavy metal thrashing, very articulate.Good music to all
Nice feeling to them, they get the job done and that about sums it all up, can't expect to much more from them.
I've been interested in learning how to play the guitar for a long time, but the huge problem for me was finding something that was both affordable and made for smaller hands, as I'm rather petite.  Luckily for me, we found one of these secondhand (it needed minimal repairs)and it's just great.  I don't know anything about purchasing it new, but I can tell you that this is a great beginner's instrument for someone who has small hands.  I'll also note that it's even affordable while it's brand new.The notes are surprisingly clean-sounding coming from a guitar that's so low-priced. I'd definitely recommend this guitar to anyone who is interested in learning how to play but not interested enough to pay an arm and a leg for an instrument.
I was very impressed by this little guitar. The build quality seemed good and toggle and pods were noiseless.The only complaints I have is E string breaks often, which is a direct result of constant tuning fatiguing the strings.I feel the tuners are just not strong enough and the ratio is no adequate to keep in tune.Still a great guitar for a 5 to 10 year old.
I very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews.  She's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar.  It was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging.  The only thing I have found so far that sort of disappointed me was that there were some dark stain blemishes on the white pick guard. Trying to get the stains off with a damp paper towel didn't work so I took a special soft, damp sponge made to remove stains and gently rubbed it over the spots.  They came off but the finish on the plastic pick guard is dulled where I had rubbed the stains off.  That sort of irked me.  However, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me.Despite the blemish episode, it fits her perfectly.  I tried to tune it using a clamp-on Snark tuner.  That didn't work at all for some reason so we went to Guitar Center and bought an electric guitar tuner which you plug the cord into from the guitar.  That really worked well to tune the guitar.  The tuning pegs (gears) were stiff and a bit hard to turn.  When I change the strings I will adjust them to make them easier to turn.  The strings the guitar comes with are very cheap so I'll need to change those out soon for a much better set, but they'll have to do for now.I plugged the guitar to my old Crate amp and it sounded pretty good.  The knobs on the front of the guitar turn well an did what they are supposed to do.  It's easy to control the tone and volume from the guitar without having to dicker much with the amp.  My daughter had a great time getting used to it.  She's a great classical guitarist (I teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her.  My old Strat is just too big and heavy for her and this black one looks good (despite the dullness that only I can see) on her and she was awesome playing jazz guitar in her school concert the other night.  Since this guitar is so inexpensive and is just right for a smaller person, I really can't find anything major wrong to say about it.  I'm glad I bought it, just wish it didn't come with the stains.  It feels solid, well-constructed, and not very heavy.  I like playing it too!I've ordered a really good gig bag, new cord, a Pignose amp just for her and of course, a bunch of new electric guitar strings.  She'll find the small stuff in her stocking this Christmas!  I can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!!
Thank you Fender for a really fun instrument that fits my size...and thanks to all of you that recommended it for just that reason : )
I had a lot of questions and concerns when I ordered this. Well, it arrived today, I've been playing it for the past few hours, and here's the answers to those questions:1. Is it worth the money?Absolutely yes. This is an amazing bargain. There are better guitars out there, but not for $170. This really is a great deal.2. How does it sound?Fantastic. It's definitely "bright", which a few of the other reviews pointed out, but it also has new strings on it, so it might be a little too early to judge. That said, it's got a nice full sound and if you play up closer to the neck you get more bass in the mix.3. How's the action?Just right. Low enough that it's easy to play (for a 12 string) but no buzzing strings.4. How about the neck?Wider than a 6 string, but not much. Probably a centimeter or so wider. I have small hands and had no problem playing it. The main thing is the added pressure it takes to push down twice as many strings as normal.5. How does it play?Great.6. How does it look?Great. Nice natural finish, all shiny and new. What's not to love? (Note: the picture shows a more whitish finish, but it's a normal natural finish like you'd see on most acoustic guitars. Natural wood color.So if any of you guitarists have been thinking of buying an acoustic 12 string, take a look at this one for sure. I wish I'd bought it long ago. There are just some songs that need to be played on a 12 string.
First off, let's get the dimensions out of the way; for some reason, finding these basic dimensions on a lot of guitars and cases is close to impossible; just try to find the dimensions of the DR-212 on the Epiphone web site.Length: 43",  Bout length: 19-7/8",  Lower bout thickness: 4-3/4",  Lower bout width: 15-1/2"So now you can look for a gig bag with the full knowlage of what size guitar you are trying to squeeze into it.The only thing that is out of the norm with these dimensions, is the 43" length (Most bags are 39"-41").You can always opt for the Epiphone hard case: EDREAD, or World Tour RWG20D, or GBA100 (the bag I got).Now that the hard part is out of the way (finding a case), on to the review.As my title says, the guitar reminds me of my Samick ST92 which is a VERY well made 3/4 Spruce top acoustic which is also made in Indonesia.I have played guitar for over 40 years, so I  have a collection of over 100 guitars, and 11 of them are acoustics, but this is the first12 string, and I bought it just to have it around for songs like Hotel California, Etc., and was not willing to drop a lot of money on a guitar I would rarely use.I am very impressed with the build quality of this guitar for the under $170.00 asking price. It tuned up with no problems, even though the tuning process is arduous compared to a six string, and it takes about three tunings to get the strings stretched out. You constantly think you will pull the bridge out due to all that string pressure. The bridge plate on these 12 strings must be huge!I found that when tuning, you should up stroke the small strings so that you don't hit the large one right next to it.I have no fret buzz, finger rash, or problem areas with the fretboard on my guitar, and the strings sit low which I like.The nut is a bit sharp on the edges, but a file or sanding will take care of that.The strings are not that bad, and will do until the first change out.I have seen a wide range of reviews on this guitar, from terrible to fantastic, but the one I have is the later.
Very playable right out of the Box and very beautiful. I have a Epiphone Swingster, Nighthawk and Violin Bass and they are all great products! I decided to give it a good set up. After the Strings were off I sanded down the Bridge 1-2 mm and adjusted the neck just a little. Then I want to really recommend Martin Bronze Strings light or extra light (green box) for an awesome sound and easy playability which is important on 12 Strings. Instructional videos can be viewed on YouTube before you go for it or you get a Guitar Tech to do it.Ps Matching Epiphone cases are available and so are inexpensive clip on pickups if you want to go thru an Amp or line in recording.Ps The Tuners are a bit to close to each other in my opinion. When you tune one string your fingers can rub against next tuner.
If you're looking for a 12-string acoustic, then what more could you want than the Epiphone DR-212?  The craftsmanship is excellent, the sound is fantastic and it's easy to tune and play right out of the box.  Add the limited lifetime warranty and Gibson support and this guitar can't be beat.  The price is amazing for what you get, and to top this all off, it has been chosen as a Guitar Players Magazine Editors Pick.  You don't have this guitar?  What are you waiting for?  Order it now while the price is this low!  Go ahead! Go for it!  You won't be sorry...
I was really torn about getting this because of its price but decided to take the plunge and have no regrets. The action is better than my six string Epiphone acoustic. It sounds so sweet, looks so sweet, and plays so sweet. I keep it tuned down a half step and use a capo to protect the neck. I would definitely recommend this especially if your on a budget. It stays in tune and don't let the laminated top scare you, its great.
For years I've used the super-cheap "rake hangers" you can get at hardware stores - the metal "U" coated in rubber, with the heavy-duty screw end.  These are fine, except that some guitars don't want to fit, and recently when trying to widen the mouth of one the weld failed and so the "U" detached from the screw part.Well, that got me to thinking that I should find a better solution for hanging my guitars.  The thing is, I hate overpaying for things.  To me, $15-20 is way too much for a guitar hanger.  Sure, it's important to have something solid to hold our "babies", but I want to feel like I'm getting some value.I bought 2 of these hangers, and they're rock-solid.  As others have said - put some good screws into a stud, don't bother with the hassle of the drywall anchors provided.  I just used some 2" drywall screws.  I like the simplicity of the metal plate that the yoke is attached to.  The U is easy to adjust for width, the retainer rings slide on very easily, and I've tried both acoustic and electric guitars and all hang away from the wall.No complaints - these are great, the quality seems excellent and $9 seems just about right to me.
I actually have five of these for the various instruments, mostly bass guitars but also an acoustic and a solid-body electric.When mounted properly to studs - the only way I have mounted these - they are very, very solid. While in a nice package with instructions and hardware for wall board fasteners, I used longish brass wood screws to studs for appearance and strength. You do see the ends of the screws used after install is complete, and to me a brass screw looks great with this &#34;flat black&#34; model.The CC11 model -- this one -- works well with any kind of guitar including bass or acoustic. There are variants for other instruments, but a relatively wide range will be held securely by this unit. The yoke width is adjustable, and a combination of slope and two keeper rings prevent the instrument from coming off the holder.Recommended...but do consider you means of mounting carefully.
I decided I wanted to hang my guitars on my walls instead of having them take up space via floor stands. Just find a stud and drill in the screws they'll hold just fine. I'm really bad when it comes to stuff like this so I had my brother help me. Just make sure you know what you're doing because I thought I did when I really didn't at all.The wall hangers look really nice in person, and they keep the guitars held in place very nicely/safely. The only thing you should have to do extra after purchasing and installing these is creating a makeshift wallpad for behind where the guitar is hung; if something happens that makes it hit the wall, it won't damage the guitar or the wall.This is as legit as it gets if done right, though; I've had my guitars hung via String Swing for months and I've had no problems or concerns. I am very pleased with the cheap alternative to floor stands. It saves room and makes the room look cooler.
its cheap and the quality its great cant complain. i will be buying more of this in the future for other guitars.
Easy to mount, solid grip on guitar. Only detractor would be that, with my guitar at least, it hangs kind of far from the wall. This obviously is a factor of what you hang from it though. An acoustic would clear the wall nicely, my solid body electric sits a few inches away from the wall.Silicone coating on forks and retaining bands get a good grip on the guitar, without marring even soft wood.I very much prefer this to having it on one of the 'accident waiting to happen' stands on the floor.
Very nice product great quality.  I ordered three to start was not sure if I wanted to trust my Guitars to them.  Arrived installed in minutes they come with plastic toggles to screw into drywall I chose to hit studs.  Rubber washers come with to size for different necks.  If you are going to mount off a stud I strongly suggest using an aftermarket high quality toggle  made from steel.  Very happy going to order more.
very good item if you are a musician you need it! cool for any bass, guitar and any instrument that fit into the hanger
Will hold any guitar that I've seen. It holds the guitar on the wall safely without having to worry about it falling. It's also very easy to install. It's a great price; and it's definitely worth the investment. Not only do you not have to have your guitars on the ground, but you save space putting them on the walls, and not only that, but it make any room look even better.
I love these string swings!  My guitars are now out of their cases and up for display.  I have 3 in my home:  2 for guitars and 1 for a ukulele...and I'm planning on buying 25 of them for my school ukulele program.  They look great up on the wall.
This a very clever idea. It helps save floor space in your rooms, and it helps cover empty wall space. Very easy to take off/put on. High recommend this to any stringed-instrument players.
I bought 2 of these and hung 2 fender strats on my wall.  Comes with all the mounting screws and anchors needed to mount properly.  Couldn't be happier with this product.
I was surprised of how well this stand is made. It's worth $45 easily. I;ve used stands for over 27 years and this is the best I;ve owned!
This music stand is og great quality and of a great price.I have been very pleased with it. I have bought On-Stage stands in the past before, so i was sure that I wouldn't be disaapointed and I was right.Very sturdy-well built-good price.
I purchased this model for home use--not for a kid's backpack. It's solid and sturdy, easily holding a song book open--not just a few pieces of sheet music. It adjusts tall enough for standing as well as low enough to sit next to my easy chair in the evening. I often clip on a digital recorder for practice and have no threat of the top flipping down. Works for me!
I'm very happy with this stand.  It is heavy, which I knew going in.  But for my purposes, that is a plus.  The weight makes it more sturdy.  It folds up compactly, so it is quite portable, despite the weight.  Adjusts easily and holds its position.
Purchased after another folding stand which cost the same $$$ literally fell apart.  This one is much better although not quite as portable.  On the plus side, music stays put on this one, it's very stable and the height is fully adjustable.  You can buy with confidence.
This was very easy to put together! Top just slips on the folding bottom part of stand and is very adjustable. Love it!
This is a great music stand.  Very solid  feel.  No need to over tighten the adjusters.  It holds my heaviest books without tipping over.
I left my trusty Manhasset behind on a job and was about to replace it when I came upon this alternative offered by Amazon.  As banged up as a Manhasset can get from week-end warriors like me who simply throw it on top of everything else in the backseat before the long ride home, I've never had one fail on me over the past 40+ years.  There's nothing on the stand that the user can even adjust, yet all of the moving parts always seem to retain just the right amount of tension, preventing 5-10 pound folders from lowering the top half or causing it to dip forward.  But the "rub" is their non-adaptability.  The feet on the base are permanently attached as is the upper tray holding the music.  Consequently, these ubiquitous, well-proven stands can sometimes be a challenge to pack in a crowded van or sedan, especially with a couple of keyboards, amps, instrument stands, and other requisite gear on board.This is where Amazon's On-Stage Music Stand becomes attractive (of course, it doesn't hurt that it costs less than a Manhasset).  It permits you to fold up the legs to a position parallel with the shaft as well as to completely remove the upper shelf that holds the music.  Consequently, it's much easier to find a convenient place--whether in the trunk or on the floor of the back seat--for packing the stand.  Simply "slide" it into position.The drawback--apart from durability issues that some reviewers have warned about (be careful not to over-tighten those set-screws!)--is that this thing is heavy.  Frankly, I was expecting a lightweight stand, at least compared to my old Manhasset, but if you've owned or been around the latter, the first thing you're likely to notice with the stand pictured here is a palpable, substantial addition in weight. At the same time, with the moving parts and the set screws (topped by plastic, rotating, serrated wheels), the On-Stage stand doesn't give me the same amount of confidence in its durability as did the Manhasset--in other words, I'm very less likely to become careless with it and simply toss it on top of the gear-pile after a long, exhausting 4-hour gig.Bottom line: the On-Stage appears to be a good value--a truly heavy-duty stand (in most respects) that'll do extremely well as a practice stand in a studio or living room and that packs up conveniently for traveling jobs.  But don't expect it to lighten your load or, simply because it's heavier, to last longer than a Manhasset.If you do a lot of traveling and don't plan to put one of those 1000-page piano folders on the stand, there's at least one truly lightweight (albeit plastic) stand that's worked out really well for me (perhaps needless to say, some haven't--they fall apart or they're so ingeniously designed that it takes 15 minutes simply to disassemble them and put them back in their unforgiving, pint-sized cases).  But the Peak stand is made to hold up (in turn, it holds up relatively heavy music books) and has served me well for several years (just as I was about to condemn the stand, I called the company, they responded immediately by sending out a critical plastic piece that had become warped, and the Peak stand has been problem-free ever since).  It'll cost you a bit more, but not as much as some folks are willing to spend in exchange for losing a few unwanted pounds.
On Stage makes some very nice products.  This music stand has all the adjustments as one of our favorite older units.  Well made and the price doesn't put it out of range for the everyday musician.  Really am liking On Stage products, also bought 2 of their boom mic stands and they are excellent.
CRAP these strings are bad do not buy them if you play any kind of harder music or do a lot of string bends unless you like having strings almost take out your eyes then by all means buy em errrrr i always buy Ernie balls but i got cheap and tryed to save a few buck and buy 2 3 packs of these hunks of crap for under 18 bucks i should have spent the extra 7 bucks and got the 6 pack of Ernies I didn't even get a week out of them and they were rusted and poppin off left and right....................never again
These sound good on my electrics.  The best sound I got was on my strat.  Good sustain and strings are holding up well.
I love D'Adarrio strings. Great tone and it last long, feels great on your fingers. D'Adarrio strings rule.  See ya!
I'm not a string nazi and will play pretty much any major brand of strings with few exceptions.  D'Addarios are good quality and combined with Amazon Prime a no brainer bargain, under $3 per set delivered.  Unless you just don't like D'Addario I would recommend these strings highly.
Keeping in mind the difference types of guitars and pickups, these D'Addario strings are good strings for all around use. They are suitable for rock, punk, country, and funk. Sure, you could spend more on "boutique" specialty strings to give you that exact "vintage" sound, but these strings are just fine whether you play in the bedroom, garage or club.I like the light guage .010's because they are easy on the fingers, but are still beefy sounding compared to thin sounding .009's and .008's.
I love these strings. They are bright and feel really good on my hands.I have a Gretsch and use 11's D'addario on it, best strings I've found so far. I also bought a pack of half wound 11's to TRY. I'll decide which to use (round or half wound) after my experiment.
I bought these strings to try on my guitars. They sound good on a variety of models, like SG,Les Paul, Rickenbacker. They have a melodic tone and good intonation, and they seem to be lasting and staying in good shape.
I've been trying out different gauges to experiment with different fretboard feels. These strings I have to say, stretched out and stayed in tune much faster than slinkys. They have great sustain and sound nice and chunky. I love the luster and shine of new strings, feels nice ans springy. Since this is my first time with this brand, I don't know how long they will stay good, but we'll see.
Put my Schecter C-1 Custom FR in Drop Bb, these strings sound great and have a great low end. Highly reccomend.
I started buying these strings for my guitar playing son back in December of 2012 and continue to do so to this very day. He absolutely swears by them. He does go through them fairly quickly being that the humidity here in Hawaii makes them prone to rusting. Other than that, the strings are strong and durable and gives off a nice sound quality. He highly recommends these strings to his fellow guitar players out there.
I have used these strings since they first came out. D'Addario make the best strings out there. I am sure there are others who do a good job, but you can actually hear the difference. It doesn't really matter which you buy - they all sound different - as in better!!
These are excellent, inexpensive guitar strings. They are perfect for somebody that plays gigs and changes strings frequently. For the more casual player, these might not be the best choice.For the gigging musician, there is nothing better than these D'Addario strings. They are light weight, have great sound, and are inexpensive. These might take a very slight nod over Ernie Ball strings.For the more casual musician, somebody that isn't changing their strings once a week, these are probably not a great choice. Personally, I use Elixir strings on my electric guitars, a Les Paul 2008 Standard and a 1982 Gibson Lucille. I do not play gigs, so a set of strings doesn't see an hour or two of really hard playing per night. The coating on Elixir's helps keep corrosion down and is easier on my fingers; I like their feel a bit better than these strings. I get about a month of playing from those strings. Sadly, these D'Addario strings are really only good for about one or two weeks of playing.I've tried a variety of strings, Ernie Ball, Elixir, and D'Addario, on my guitars and the way I play, the Elixir's just sound and play the best to me. Of course, your mileage may vary. If I did start to play gigs, I would probably switch to a more affordable string like these.A silly cosmetic thing, I hate the packaging of these strings. D'Addario makes a huge deal out of reduced packaging and being environmentally responsible with their products. The strings come in a cardstock outer box, with a single plastic package inside. Each string size has a different colored ball on the end to help a person figure out the string gauge. I change strings myself, and I really prefer the individual paper envelopes for the strings, with the gauge clearly printed on the package. If you are new to changing strings, or only change them infrequently, this all in one package will confuse the heck out of you. Especially at first, I preferred to work with one string at a time.D'Addario also makes a major deal out of the serial number on their package to help fight fake strings. Their website has a place to enter the serial number to verify the package of stings is authentic. I kind of disliked the fact that you have to enter an email address to even get started. They could have very simply left a spot to enter the serial number with no other information necessary.In the end, the silly colored balls at the end of the strings, well they look goofy on my guitars. I wouldn't mind the colors on an acoustic (the ball gets hidden by the peg anyway), but those balls are visible on my electric guitar. I just prefer the simple gold balls on the ends of other strings.
I decided to give these a try after buying just earnie balls. Wow! Just wow! My inexperienced ear was able to tell a difference in the sound. It was just... Right. I can't explain it exactly. The .10 gauge is great for standard and eb tuning, although can be tuned lower. I would recommend something thicker for that though. But these are great and you should get em!
I have played on D'addario Before,  actually the first string I started out on.Super light's are ok,  but can wear out real fast,  So, It's importent not to put to much stess on  them.....espescially if You do alot of tricks, pinched hormonic's vibrato's, extreme bend's,  etc  they will break.  Any skilled guitarist know's  to use  extream  caution when tuning....any strings,I did try extra light (while they do soud nice,and have a nice feel to them)  I would not recamend these for beginer's,  cause beginer's tend to press hard, when they first stat out.Personally,  I don't like D'addario's at all,  I find the tone to bright.
These strings are just prefect and feel awesome.  As you can tell from the amount of reviews on this product they are extremely popular.. and all those people cannot be wrong
I enjoy this very much! Very good strings! It's a good brand too! I recommend it for any acoustic that you have or will have!
Hold a tune very well, and sound good. The seem to have a bit less tension than other brands strings of the same gauge, but thats ok.If you dont wipe them off after playing, they wont last long. But I always do, and I change strings often, so that isnt an issue for me.Overall, some of the best strings available.
Not much to say, these are your basic hex core, nickel plated round wound strings.  They are the equivalent ofErnie Ball Slinkys (Yellow)They play nice, and feel pretty much the same in my humble (non-touring musician's) opinion.Also, it's nice that strings are now coming in air tight packaging to keep the fresher and rust free longer.  As a note these come packed together in a single bag, with color coded washers, (as opposed to the EB sets that are packed individually in paper sleeves or DR sets that come two to a sleeve.)In summary, if you're searching for the subtle sonic differences between the brands then you probably aren't reading this review, you're out experimenting.  For others, the lowdown is that these seem like good strings and are definitely worth checking out to see which ones you prefer more.
I have been using this brand in several different gauges for many years and continueto do so. I get long life and very good clarity from D'Addarios.
My son has been a guitarist for seven years and loves these strings. Not a single one has broken since he started using these three weeks ago. These strings tend to repel the dirt and dust even with heavy play the strings look very good. He has been getting less callous on his fingers. The tone produced by these stings is very good especially considering the low price. My son has a very heavy hand but these strings are well made and withstand play from any style.
These are perfect strings for a gig or a long practice session. The strings keep their tone for a long time. Can easily last upto a month on daily practice for 2-3 hours.
I have used d'addario for a number of years.  I'm not hot about their acoustic, but electric...they're a whole new world.  I like these nickel on my tele...they give them that extra twang.
I have used D'Addario strings for years on my Gibson Les Paul and they sound GREAT. Had a stint where I tried coated strings on the Paul but they just didn't have the ringing bright tone that D'Addarios have. I've never been one to have strings break on me that often, guess I just don't play that heavy-handed, but I have many friends who do and who still use these and find them very reliable. They are comparible in tone to Dean Markely's and Slinky's IMHO. I very much recommend these strings to anyone who plays electric guitar of all styles - I have used them on rock, country, jazz, fusion and christian contemporary gigs. Very dependable. The set usually lasts me a couple of shows before I change them out - like any string they will lose brightness after a couple of gigs. Strings claiming to last longer than that in tone are, in my opinion, usually somewhat lifeless to begin with. Anyway... these are great threads for the ole geetar - if you have never used them you should try them out... good stuff.
I have been purchasing these strings for over 15 years now. Only string that I allow to touch my electric guitars.
Been using these for years.  I like the Regular Slinkies, too, but it seems these tend to last longer.  Or, it could just be in my head.  Either way, I am happy with them.
I've been playing for nearly ten years and I've used all sorts of strings on many different guitars, I've had ball ends pop off for no reason, ball ends rolling around in the bottoms of containers when I've bought them new, and a lot of unnecessary string breakage and fast corrosion, (all top brands) I have also overpaid for fancy gimmicks on strings that are supposed give you magic tones ect. Then I tried D'addario, they just work and work well, I'm not asking for anything magical I just need what I need when I need it and these string have never failed to deliver, I've been using them for over three years now I don't know why I didn't give them a shot sooner, I could have saved a lot of money trying them first. Bottom line is these strings do the job without any drama, giving me more time to just play!
This is my second order of the 10 pack. A local store wants 29.99 for one set of these. The feel is really good in my opinion as opposed to all the other brands I've tried; including, and especially the most commonly used eb's. I have however had a slight issue with certain D strings. On occasion, it looks as if the winding is chipping off, but not at the frets. I change strings quite often so it really doesn't matter. Not sure what that's about but it doesn't affect anything and like I said this IS my second order of these so I gave them 5 stars. Any less and I'd look dumb.
I love these strings, been using them forever and via Amazon Subscribe and Save I get them for a really good price.
For a good, basic set of regular light gauge electric guitar strings, it's difficult to go wrong with D'Addario's EXL110s.  The range of thicknesses generally works well, and D'Addarios tend to be pretty consistent.  Some other brands may offer special features that go beyond what you get with the EXL110s (e.g. coating, super brightness, and so on), and some players prefer a slightly heavier or slightly lighter gauge string (e.g. sets that start with 9s or 11s), but for most purposes these work great, hold their tuning well, and seem to last pretty well, too.
The D'Addario sets are good stuff. I got turned onto them about a decade ago by a coworker. The color coded ends are great whether you are new at changing strings or just want it more automated if you are an old veteran. With stretching, they stay in tune fine. The unknown truth about non-nylon strings (and maybe even them, too) is that there are only a handful of string makers, and D'Addario actually makes them for other companies (Gore uses them for their Elixir series, and just adds the polyweb coating). I also use the GHS standard .010 sets, and they are good too. My faves are the Ernie Ball sets, but they rarely go on sale. I don't remember who makes what strings for what companies, though. With offshore production a standard thing now, it's no telling where they actually come from anyways. I DOUBT that GFS strings are domestic production, for instance.
In my opinion, D'Addario is the standard by which all other strings are measured. I keep trying different brands from the cheap to the boutique, and I always keep coming back to D'Addario. Extremely versatile, stable and they last as long as can be reasonably expected of any non coated string.
These strings aren't for everyone, and probably not what you want for everyday, normal playing. But if you're looking for a fast-playing string with a bright sound, this is the string. In addition to putting them on my guitar, I also have a six-string banjo (guitar tuning) and just couldn't get the sound I wanted from regular guitar strings. Light guage nickel strings were recommended to me, and they were exactly what I was looking for. They have a clear, bright sound that great for picking and strumming. I play a lot of bluegrass and Irish music, and I feel these strings are ideal for that purpose. I use a lot of D'Addario strings on my various instruments, and I think they offer the most bang-for-the-buck in terms of quality and tone. You can pay more, but I don't think you get that much more. Although these were intended for electric guitar, they also work well on resonator guitars.
D'Addario Are The Best Strings That I Have Tried, I Used To Use Ernie Ball Super Slinky's But Found That These Last Longer, The Ernie's Bend and Play Well But They Tend To  Go Dull Faster Not To Mention The Ernie's Start Corroding Within A Week, These D'Addario Strings Stay Brighter Longer, I Usually Change Them About Every 4 Weeks, The Ernie's Only Last Me A Week, 2 Weeks At The Most, That Can Get Expensive Fast, All Around The D'Addario Strings Are The Strings 4 Me, Retraction, when I originally wrote this review I thought they were the best, Turns out they are in fact way better than Ernie Ball Strings, but they are no longer my preference, A friend of mine told me about DR strings and they are much better than these D'Addarios. DR's last three times as long as D'Addario. the DR's cost a lil more but they are way better, for the money Addarios are good but I would recommend spending a few dollars more for DR strings
They are ok not a big fan tho they have a odd metal sound when you play them. I had earnie ball on previously and I might switch back or go to dunlop witch I put on my 7 sting and love.  But I probably won't get these again..... Ever.
To be clear: I am quite the newbie guitar player.After i managed to break a string on my electric guitar, i decided to try and tackle replacing the strings myself, as most guitarists do. Things went alright, but on trying to tune the thinnest string, it broke. I just figured it was something I did, and wasn't the products fault, so i grabbed another string from another pack and that one went on fine. Overall, i've played quite abit with these strings, and have yet to break another one. Pretty good sound quality, and i like the idea that they pack the strings in a moisture-resistant package to prevent corrosion.
These strings have made me a D'Addario customer for life.  The sound and feel are perfect, and I find that they last much longer than more expensive coated strings.  I have no desire to buy any other brand.These strings are NOT over-hyped.
d,addario makes great strings, this just where not the gages I was lookin for.other than that I like this brand of strings
They sound great, and I'd purchase them again. With ten packs, it will likely be a while before I do so.
I bought these strings at a local shop for a Fender Telecaster on reccomendation from the guitar tech. These work well with the Telecaster tone and string through design. I like the tones I get from these and the price is very good. I do know that Ibanez uses XL's with all of their new guitars and I have used these srtrings with an older strat and they last a long time and stay in tune without issue mostly due to their basic fundamental design.I am not loyal to any string company, but I find that different companies work well on different guitars. I am a big DR string user with my other guitars which require thicker strings, so using 9 guage is new to me.Originally, I went to the shop for some EB super Slinky's after snapping the high E string which were sold out and went with these and could not be happier. I may buy the same strings next time, but I see Telecaster players using GHS Boomers in 9's, so that is also an option for the future.
I bought these to put on my Epiphone Sheraton II. I really like the thickness of the strings and the full tone they offer. Rhythm and lead styles both sound great. Definitely recommend these strings and will buy more in the future.
D'Addario strings are awesome!  These strings speak with a bold,defined and POWERFUL voice.  The bass strings boom with thunderous lows and the treble strings glisten with sparkling highs without being too harsh.  They are very sweet to the ears and tonally balanced across the board without one frequency overpowering the other. I have tried a lot of different strings, DR's, Ernie Ball, Dean Markley, Elixir, GHS, you name it.  After putting a set of EXL110's (10-46 gauge) on my Gibson SG special faded and comparing them to Ernie Ball I noticed a huge difference, not only were they brighter but they lasted longer.  I used to change a set of Regular Slinkys every two months but with EXL's I was changing strings every five to six months. They work in a variety of applications, metal, hard rock, jazz, blues, reggae, etc. and respond great at any dynamic level.  D'Addario is "The Player's Choice" for a reason after using these I can't see myself using anything else!  They feel good,sound great and are exceptionally consistent from set to set. If you haven't used them yet, give 'em a try and see what you're missing.
I have been playing guitar for three decades and It seems to me that D'Addario has been around.I use light strings when I want more control and easier bends for blues songs on my electric guitar.  Light strings in my hands do seem to wear out sooner, probably because I used them in this manner.  It is great that Amazon stocks these, making ordering convenient.  These come in a stay fresh vacuum pack, so ordering more than one and keeping an extra set around is prudent.
Daddy's never let you down. I like their longevity too. I don't switch til one cuts, so they last as cheap as I actually am.
The best strings i've ever had so far miles above ernie ball strings
One this is a Long Island Company located in Farmingdale New York. They are the leader in new technology of strings...
I've been using these for years. Tried others but I prefer these. I'd allways come back to D'addario's. They just sound good. I'm satisfied.
For this review, I used the services of my super-musician friend, Mike. Thanks for the very thorough review, Mike!******************D'Addario XL Nickel WoundRegular Light Gauge EXL110Bright Round Wound.010-.046I installed these strings on a Schecter Diamond Serier Acoustic - Electric HybridC-1 E/A in order to test the sound using both acoustic and electric settings. The strings were easy to work with on installation.In particular, I liked the color coding of the strings vs the traditional individuallywrapped strings. The color coding makes it hard to accidentally mix similar strings and ismore environmentally friendly in terms of packaging. Also, the sealed packet wouldappear to keep the strings from oxidizing longer.The strings tuned up quickly and reached stable tuning within a very short time frame.After only about an hour they needed only slight tuning adjustment and were ready to go.First, I tried the Hybrid using a clean acoustic setting and the string produced a surprisingly nice range of sound, especially in the lower registers. This was a bit unexpected because of the "bright" label on the package. I actually prefer a widerrange of frequencies so this was a nice bonus. The highs were clean and bright.Using the Bernard Butler setting on the Line 6 Amp I tried the electric side of the Hybrid.The action of the strings was light and fast and notes could be comfortably bent. The sound produced was very similar to that of the more expensive strings that previously were on the guitar, which leads me to my closing point.Overall, I was very pleased with the performance of these strings and when you consider the fact that they only cost around $3,  D'Addario EXL110's will be put in my "Best Buy" category for future purchases.
These are good, quality strings that will last on your guitar for many months to come. Probably my second favorite after Ernie Ball.
These EXL115 .011 gauge D'Addarios are good strings at a good price.  They sound nice and bright on my Epiphone Sheraton II and particularly twangy on the lower end of the scale, which I like.  I'd rather get these and replace them periodically than try to make any kind of old strings last a long time.  The strings don't break either.
Great strings at a great price.  These strings have a nice sound to them and they aren't the flimsy little strings you normally get for you guitar.  Nice sound for a nice price...
I usually use 9s, but decided to try these 10s instead. I didn't notice much of a difference at first, but after a while I noticed that it's easier to tune between the G and D string (3rd and 4th strings) because the gauges are closer. Sound is just right for instrumental rock, shredding metal and delivering that Fatal Blow...
As stated, I use the D'Addario 9s and 10s on all my electric guitars except for theGibson LP's and I use Brite wires on those.I like the D'Addario's over the Brite wires because they have color coded balls and thismakes changing out all the strings at once a lot easier.I do not produce a lot of body acid, so strings last a very long time with me, no matterwho the manufacturer is, and I play many guitars in my collection so none of them gets heavyuse.The EXL strings produce great tone, and are great for bending.
I use D'addario strings almost exclusively, they make a quality product and at $3 a box shipped to my door when I buy 10 packs is a great deal.
If you're into playing blues, these strings have great tone and due to being a light guage, they allow you to bend the strigs easier.  I'm not a working musician and only play for my own enjoyment, but I'd use these anywhere.
I've been hooked on D'Addarios for quite a while.  The per-unit price on these is great, and I never worry about breaking one of these.
I like these strings. I have had nothing but problems with Ernie Ball strings, especially the higher ones unravelling at the ball ends and breaking as you are tuning up for the first time after a change. I have also found that the Ernie Balls break easily as well. I have had no problems with these, they sound good, feel good, and they are priced right.
I'm a huge fan of D'Addario strings. They hold their tone & tuning longer than others I've tried, and when you buy the bulk packs you can't go wrong on quality + value.
This was a good purchase.  My son has discovered guitars and music and when he needed strings, Amazon was his go-to place to buy them.  He found exactly what his guitar needed and at a good price.  He's very happy with this purchase.
I read some of the reviews and that people almost had to guess what strings were what. However on the bag that it comes with, to prevent corrosion, and on the box itself have a color coded guide saying what string is what color on the nut. The strings themselves are the normal color for strings.
Great strings and they seem to hold their sound a long while. I&#8217;m not sure why a few people are putting these strings down; I&#8217;ve used them numerous times without any issues. They last as long and sound as good as any other brands I&#8217;ve played.
Great deal on great strings. They sound clear and bright and they last a good while. Quality strings DO sound different, and nearly as importantly, they feel good too.
I have an Epiphone Dot and I installed a Bigsby V5 on it.  I could not find a gig bag for semi hollow body guitar so settled on this one due to the price.  And a previous reviewer said his Dot with Bigsby fits.  Well it fits, but just barely.  The guitar fits snugly in the plush lined case.  I have to turn the arm of the Bigsby around, facing down, to close the case.  I think the case probably pushes the arm down a little bit even in this position.  I probably wouldn't store my guitar in this case for long periods cuz I'd worry about tension on the strings.  Otherwise I like it.
The shell and the lining of the case are perfect: hard on the outside, and soft on the inside.I opened up the box and my Epiphone Dot slid right in.The only thing that worries me is that the hinges feel a little cheap, and the lock cold be beat with a bic pen.I'm not traveling around with my guitar too much, so that's not a problem for me, but I would worry a bit if I were checking it on an airline.Otherwise, it works perfectly for what I bought it for - protecting it in my mancave / basement from dings and scratches.
Bought this for my Dot. It fits snugly and is adequately padded. The outer material is strong so I feel comfortable carrying and storing my guitar in it. A must if your already paying so much more for the Guitar that will go in it.
This Epiphone Hardshell case is a real bargain!  Well built and functional, just the perfect size for your Dot,  Casino, 335 , or in my case a Sheraton II.  Finished in faux leather, a nice scuff resistant vinyl of some sort, much like the old Fender Tolex.  NICE hardware on this case. All the latches are fitted well and are both good looking and rock solid. Hinges too.  The handle isn't going anywhere!  Inside you get a nice soft plush interior, the obligatory hinged compartment for strings and things, and a good solid rattle free fit for your guitar.Top all that off with 2 feet on the end for standing upright,  2 well placed feet on the side and 3 on the bottom. NO matter which way you place the case (other than upside down) both your guitar and case are protected.  You get a total of FIVE good quality latches (one of them locks, key included) and hinges at either end. As I said, the hardware on the case is really good.  For under one hundred dollars this case is an unbelievable bargain.I was immediately struck by how SOLID this case feels.  It is no lightweight either.  I feel totally secure keeping and transporting my Sheraton II in this case and unworried about it breaking apart or popping open, etc.  Mine came almost scuff free out of the box, but there were a few signs that it had been handled a bit before packing. Still, it looks super and the overall visual presentation far outstrips the price.If I could make just two criticisms, it would be that I notice the stitching appears to be single stitched, rather than double stitched. Also, the strip of fabric that holds the lid open seems overly thin and not well implemented. It is a smallish piece of colored vinyl attached to the lid and case body and it looks like this will be the first thing to wear out or even just up and break.  Also, when you close the case , instead of folding in on itself it tends to stick out the back of the case, necessitating you manually pulling it into the case before fully closing.  I would have much preferred a nice self folding piece covered with the same material that lines the case itself.  This is just a minor niggle and could easily be replaced by either yourself if you are handy, or most any music store with a halfway decent tech in the backroom.I have no reason to believe this case will fall apart anytime soon . Overall, I am extremely pleased with this case and my Sheraton II is happy to have found a long term home.  An excellent value, highly recommended!
As a lot of Epiphone owners have learned, cases designed for the Gibson ES-335 clones won't fit Epiphone guitars, as the Epiphones have a slightly larger headstock. This case, however, fits my Dot Custom like a glove. The padding is perfect, the top is arched to precisely fit the guitar, and the build quality is better than you might expect at this price level.
Didn't expect much for the price but this is a top notch case for any of the Epiphone - Gibson  Semi-Hollowbody Guitars - Great Deal to protect your investment!!
I got this for my Epi Sheraton II:PROS:  It fits perfectly; it's "fur" lined and has a decent sized internal compartment; it's solid and the hardware is sturdy; it has one locking latch (out of five), but nothing that would stop a real thief; it has two knobs on the bottom that allow the case to stand on end without tipping over, two knobs on the side for when you put it down on its side, and three knobs on the back that allow it to lay down without being completely on the ground; it's relatively thin.CONS:  It's heavy; the handle is positioned oddly and at an angle; it has some "Made in China" characteristics.I've had several cases and this is one of the nicest.  On a personal level, I'd prefer it didn't say "Epiphone" on the outside.  But since it does it's a good place to hide a $3000 Gibson 335.
My son uses this for practicing at home with his electric bass (Jazz Band) and his standup bass (Chamber Orchestra). It is solid, yet flexible in height and angle. Assembly was a breeze. This is the classic music stand in schools and is also excellent for home use. Built like a tank. Should last forever and can be passed down to the next generation of musicians in the family.
This is a heavier duty and higher quality music stand than most. It will accommodate my big notebooks of fake sheets, which I love. Some people have complained about plastic hinges being fragile, but they are fine if you don't use excessive muscle.
It's survived my clumsiness and I can load it with 4 pounds of guitar books without it breaking a sweat.
This is the one you want.  It's a timeless classic, built like a tank, worth every penny.  An investment in your musical future!
Made in the U.S.A. was a great thing to see. Nothing but Chinese CRAP for sale anymore.(I'm looking at YOU N.A.F.T.A.) Sadly, not as nice as the ones I remember from high school band class.Plastic attachment clutch and EXTREMELY thin gauge metal. Who knows what REAL QUALITY would cost these days?Still, I do feel good knowing that an English speaking, tax paying U.S. citizen got to meet his house payment making these.GOD Bless the U.S.A.
tremendous mic!! love the case and shockmount being all inclusive.....got it at great price and its a kick ass addition to my rather wimpy home/portable studio.....love recording my mom and musical friends and they dig singing into a quality mic!!! I run it through an art tube preamp and it can make an unbelieveable hot signal without distortion and so very clear
I'll keep this short and simple, I do alot of radio work, and saw the price of this mic of eBay (I wanted to use Paypal) and got it. 60 bucks for something I'd have easily have paid 100+ for, and with the included shockmount, it's a total steal. This obviously won't match top quality condensers, but for speech atleast, I find it to have a wonderful crisp tone with a warm sound to compliment your voice. It just has that smooth radio sound you hear on stations like NPR, which I just love. It sounds fantastic and with a proper interface, possibly the best condenser I've tested that's under 150 bucks.
I love this product. It came fast, included extra shockmount line, shockmount, an adapter, the mic, instructions, and a very durable and protective case of easy transporting. The sound quality is great with the Art Tube Preamp(use mic cables, not 1/4" cables for Phantom Power), and I couldn't be happier with it. It even looks impressive. Although, I do have to say that online the product looks silver and shiny, when in reality it is this "off-silver" color. Almost a gold, but not quite. It's not bad or anything, just different. And frankly, the thing could be purple for all I care- as long as it produces great sound, that's all that matters. Great product, and extremely affordable. No complaints.
The MXL 990 sounds just as every bit as good as some very expensive mikes I have used. Just like with any condenser mike it's a good idea to invest in a decent pop filter if you don't want those annoying popping P's in your recordings. I would recommend this mike to anyone for vocals or miking acoustic guitars in your recording studio or portastudio. Also a great mike for doing voiceovers.
It took me a while to figure out how to implement this mic.  But with the right equipment it has turned out to be a nice addition to my recording studio.
I own two of these and they are perfect for home studio vocals, and a step above dynamic mics as long as you run this one through a pre (I use aPreSonus Tubepre Single-Channel Vacuum Tube Mic Pre. No matter which pre you get make sure it can supply phantom power because this mic needs it.Also, this model is XLR only. Even if you get an XLR to TRS adapter you will not be able to provide phantom power to it with that arrangement, so make sure that your mixer has a spare XLR input for this mic, and that it will provide phantom power if you skip my recommendation to get a pre amp.There are a few other things you need to know or consider if this is your first condenser mic: use the included shock mount because this mic picks up handling noise. Merely touching it will show up as ambient noise in your mix. A pop filter is essential.This mic is not optimal for live performances because it's delicate and does not lend itself to excess handling. It is perfect in controlled, stationary environments like home studios. Another reason is itd will pick up a lot of nearby stage noise if not placed in a 'sweet spot'.I mentioned that this is perfect for vocals and it is. However, it is not the best solution for micing instruments or amps, especially those in the lower registers. One of the main reasons for this is the low end frequency response is starts at 30Hz. You would be better off with a mic that goes down to 20Hz for instruments and amps.Bottom line: this is a great entry level condenser mic, especially for folks on a budget. As long as you understand its limitations and operating characteristics you should be pleased with it. I have had mine for almost four years and both have held up and and still sound great for vocals.
[review updated after more time spent with the mic]Well, there's definitely some detail missing in the mids, but it has a generally pleasing "very fat" (aka muddy) tone. Makes a fair snare drum mic. Needs a bit of EQ for almost any practical application. I don't think I'd use it to track the vocals on anything, but it works. You'd be better off with a similarly-priced small-diaphragm condenser and a windscreen.
man ya'll yall better quick get this here mic yo cuz it's all good and stuff man. because like when you be spittin some siK leeriX and all like i be going in the paint like weezy and eminem ya feel me.ay yo let's go.
I have a Taylor GA4E.  The elixir strings that came with it had nice bass, but were very bright.  I tried some martins, ej16's which I love on my Seagull S6.  However, those strings just didn't have enough bass and too much highs.  I bought these recently and I love them.  They are much better then the original strings.  Very rich bass that really comes out.  The highs are well balanced and still shine through without being too bright.  My one complaint is that the mids sound a bit muddy to me.  Anyway, the best sounding strings with the setup I have.  Now off to buy some different bridge materials.EDIT: 9-22-12I also put these on my Seagull Mini jumbo and wow! Every time I come back to it after several weeks, I forget that I put the 600Ls on it.  Then I pick it up and wonder why it sounds so balanced and nice supporting bass and realize they are John Pearse strings.  Worth every penny.
Was very pleased with JP 600L PB acoustic guitar strings. I wipe the strings with a Planet Waves microfiber cloth each time after playing and it seemed like they would last forever. Plus the tone of the bass strings was improved over the D'Addario EJ16 light I had been using that were installed by the factory, so I kept replacing with like kind. 600L is the exact same string gauges.I read a review on Shorline Music (an Amazon affiliate) about the John Pearse 710 NM PB and after trying those I like them even better than the 600L. They keep most of the same bass strings as the 600L (A, D, and G) but add some strings from the medium size: low E (.055 replacing .053) and high E and B each increasing .001, from .012 to .013, and .016 to .017.I had a concern about my ability to bend the B string using little finger only in blues F chord position - no problem.The improvement in tone is in all the right places. Very nice. Yet the overall tension of the set is increasing only very slightly under 10 pounds total, from the 162.2 lbs. for the D'Addario light.I play fingerstyle only and this set is said to be ideal for fingerstyle offering a balanced tension across all strings.I suppose things are always subject to change, but for now, I am amazed and delighted with these strings. You wouldn't think a simple string change could make much of a difference, but somehow these do.
I usually use Martin SP's, but I decided to give these a try. I'm pleased with them, but I would not rank them above the SP's. I did a little recording with them and I have to admit, they sounded a little brittle.
I have a few Planet Waves products and I can safely recommend them.  This is no different, it works, I have no issues with the product, if you are looking for a peg winder,  or any accessory, I'd recommend you look at Planet Waves among your research in brands.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
Great picks, good to uses on lessons or situations that you certainly looses it. Very sheep relatives with the quantity.
There's not much to say about this pick. I like medium picks and this feels comfortable.They wear a bit faster than I would expect, but far rom being a problem. It may just be my style.The 12-pack seems a good balance between cost and quantity.
this piece of plastic is just terrible.  you'd be better off with a couple of books and a towel.not recommended!
A big help on the workbench when working on either guitar or bass.  Seems sturdy enough.  I side on safety so I use a soft cloth for extra protection, but this item does what it was designed to and should last a long time.
What a great little stand. I love using this thing when it comes time to polish my guitars or to change their strings. I also like the fact it folds up, taking up very little space when its stored away. The rubber pads are plentiful and molded to the plastic, so there's no need to worry about one coming loose and marring the finish of your guitar neck.
This gets the job done but because it is lighter you do a bit of &#34;chasing&#34; the guitar around.. All in all gets the job
For those of you who change strings on your guitar or mandolin or just about any other string insterment this is a must have.Holds up your insterment while changing strings-- your insterment doest slide around on you. and it folds up. keep it right in your case. very cool tool to have  Thanks
You know, if you do guitar work, you need a neck stand. Some sheets+stand units cost $50. This was what I needed and it was cheap. So far so good.
I picked up one of these at Guitar Center a while back.  At first, it seemed unstable, but then I tried to open it up a little more, and it kind of clicked into the position shown in the picture here.  When it's opened up all the way, it is relatively stable, and is suitable for servicing your own guitar.  As others say, it does fold up nicely, and takes up minimal space in my toolbox.  I wouldn't use this if I made a living servicing guitars, as I don't think it would last long due to the quality of materials (it does feel pretty cheap.)  But it does work well enough for an individual who does work on their guitars once in a while.I imagine one could make something a bit more sturdy for less out of wood and felt.  Over all, I'm happy with the purchase, as it suits my needs.
great little tool to assist you while replacing strings, cleaning or tuning, keeps headstock still and then folds up neatly to fit in a drawer, kit or pocket
It makes restringing way easier it's pretty stable and sturdy. It will work on pretty much any guitar. So far iv used it on my 6,7 electrics and my Taylor acoustic.
In the case of you change the guitar strings, or in case you just make a revision setup, this item is very useful, because the guitar will be land and the her body will stay firmly attached.
I was expecting something a little bigger. It will do, but next time, I probably will look for something with a little more stability.
I'm using these on the mandolin. Perfect for clear loud picking. When I want a more gentle muted tone I use D'Andrea Pro 346.These are very tiny picks, much much smaller than pictured. I have very small hands so they work for me. They are not slippery which helps.
I ordered these picks in bulk to use while I was recording/producing. I absolutely love these picks and swear by them. I've been a guitarist for almost 7 years and these were the picks that I landed on years ago and stuck to. I've had years of lessons, licks and picks and these are the absolute endgame for me! Perfect grip for leads and perfect thickness for Rhythms. I'd order again if I had to.
I always use the 1.00mm for guitar, had to test them with bass strings... they turn out to be great!
I bought this to tote my POD HD500 around.  It fits snugly, but well.  The accessory pocket can fit the power supply and the plastic Line 6 expression pedal.  The shoulder strap makes me feel important.  it respects my arm's desire for freedom of movement.  My only qualm is that it's Gator brand, and gators remind me Florida.  I'd rather just pretend that Florida didn't exist.
I purchased this case for my newLine 6 POD HD 500. It's a well built, solid case for the price. It fits the HD 500 very snugly and has large pocket on the front for cables. I wouldn't drop my POD in this thing, but as a basic light duty carrying case it does the job very well.
I bought this specifically for a GT-100. It fits, snuggly, almost like it was designed for it. There is enough room in the front pocket for the power supply, input and output cables and maybe a little more. I was also able to put a 3/4&#34; binder in on top of the GT-100 which sort of protects the screens and knobs a bit more, and provides a place for the stupid lead sheet binder than never fits in my other cases.This bag is a good size as just an accessory bag to carry along with a guitar and a combo amp if you have a couple pedals and cables, or some odds and ends you want to bring along.Pros--------Looks like the same basic quality as my other gator bags-GT-100 Fits like a snug glove (with just a little use it will be perfect)-Front pocket- Reasonable priceCons-------- They cost reduced their logo from a thread stiched logo to a cheap vinyl like silk screen or iron on patch. (unlike product photo) and it doesn't match all my other gator bags. Not a big deal, but worth mention.- Other similar gator bags I own have a wrap around padded handle that velcros the two handles together once the bag is closed. This does not.Overall good product, but would have liked that other padded wrap around handle and the &#34;non cost reduced&#34; logo.
Not much I can add to the review that isn't well covered already. It's a nice bag that offers some protection for your equipment. There are some design flaws that I could see giving some people trouble over time. But overall it's a great product.I just wanted to add that it will work for the HD500X with enough room for all the cables/power-supplies needed for effects pod & digital wireless rig.
Mine came flattened in a little box.  I wasn't happy that its form was deformed.  Well in a few days it popped back into shape so I didn't have to ship it back.  A good sign!I am using it for both some music and computer stuff.  The bag is well made considering its price.  You cannot even get a backpack for this price.  I love its depth.  A number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded.  This is a solid 4"+ depth and cozy padding around it for protection.  Be sure to check out all the dimensions though.  Its very long - I was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it.  I think I saw "micro" and thought shorter.Not only is this a great music tote but also a decent computer / electronic or other tool tote for equipment that is wider than a brief bag or backpack.  I'm thinking of getting another because of this.The only minus is that I wish the outside pocket was a little larger and maybe had an inside pocket or folder / paper slot.  But these are just wish list items.  Finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited.  Lucky this is a good option.
This bag works perfectly for the Digitech RP 1000 or pedals of the same size. I also use it for an older Digitech pedal and works like a charm. The construction seems to be sturdy and so far I' ve had no problems with the zippers. The side pocket is very convenient to store lines and plugs and the handles are very comfortable. Very good product.
A snug fit for the POD HD 500. Knocked one star off because the weight distribution is a little awkward when using the strap on my shoulder.
Works great for my acoustic dreadnought.If I had any complaint it would be that there's nothing to prevent the lower part of the guitar from banging against the wall. It would be nice if they had an option for something that could hang down off the hanger - a little cushion - that would go between the wall and the guitar. No reason I can't make something like that on my own, though.Edit - 9/24/2013 - Just got my first classical guitar and realized that the wider neck won't fit into this hanger. Nothing worth complaining about, but just something to note - if you need a hanger for a classical guitar, this isn't it.
This is a really nice item and I got two of them.  Unfortunately one of them did not thread properly into the base and I had to force it which has created a little wobble.  That's the problem with mail order. Sometimes on a cheap item its not worth the time and expense to exchange it. Oh well so far its working OK with the my old classical (beater) guitar I have hanging on the faulty one.  The other unit seems to be rock solid. Oh and by the way these hooks are too skinny for a classical guitar.
i bought one, then i bought two more, then i bought two more.these things are well made (in the good ol' US of A), look good, and are a deal.  none of my guitars have fallen off of the wall, which is good, right?
Perfect for hanging displaying your guitars.  Very sturdy, they hold up well to both my Bass or guitar without moving or flexing (both are on the heavy end).  I own 3 now, and will definitely buy more if I expand my collection!
Works great.  I didn't use the monster size wall board screw and it holds fine with the small furnished screws.  Next time I'm buying the all metal one and daisy chaining them to a board so I don't have to make tons of holes in the wall for my half dozen guitars.  For now I'm hanging one on the wall with this and it's fine.  Wood is nice quality.  I notice the price is almost 2x as much if you walk in the guitar center.
I bought 2 of these and will order a few more.  They are very nice looking and functional too.  I have been keeping my guitars in floor stands or in their cases but it takes up much needed space and just creates clutter...not that a guitar should EVER be considered clutter.The GREAT thing about these is that your guitar(s) are always &#34;right there&#34; and you can choose whichever one you have a hankering to play at that moment.Just a note of caution though.  Make CERTAIN that you mount the hanger screwed into a stud or on a solid wood surface.  The weight of your guitar will pull it right from sheet rock.  Included are sheet rock plastic backers but personally I would not trust them and nobody wants a hole in their wall.  I would also use longer screws than they provide with the purchase as well.  I'm sure the screws are okay but I wouldn't trust them myself.I would highly recommend these for someone with just one guitar or many.  Well worth the small price paid.  The shipping was incredibly fast too, as always with Amazon.
The perfect wall mount for an acoustic guitar. My daughter loves it. Instrument looks great on her wall, and it is easier than taking out of a case to practice. Installs in 5 minutes with included drywall anchors and screws (or mount to wall studs).
Wall hangers are good space-saving ideas, but I'm one of those who thinks they can stress necks, depending on the body/neck weight distribution and balance. I made my own hanging bases - just a carved slab of wood, really - to support the instrument from the bottom. The top hanger now just serves as a rest, but depending on the guitar's balance I'd recommend a heavy rubber band or something to stretch across the prongs if there's any tendency for the guitar to tilt forward.
This not the first Swing Hanger I have. They are great You will love it. Our Son has four or more of them too.
This hanger is very well padded and the padding can be adjusted to custom fit your guitar.  It holds the guitar perfectly spaced from the wall.
I have too many guitars and don't play them all so instead of buying an extra case or stand I figured I could use some wall decoration.  This works perfectly and is easily installed with two screws.  Definitely recommend.
Works like the picture shows.  Hangers adjust to required width of head stock.  Wood finish is nice look on the wall.
Some people are not comfortable using the drywall anchors that are included with this hanger. If the drywall anchors are installed correctly you will have no worries about it pulling out of the drywall. I have used these drywall anchors for 10 years now to hang heavy wood blinds which are raised and lowered daily without anchor failure. Concrete block homes exterior walls have no studs to anchor this hanger. The only options are the drywall anchors. They are good to go.
I have 7 guitars in my cramped little bedroom studio and I quickly ran out of space to hold them easily. Floor space is dominated by my desk and drum set and I wanted my guitars to be out of the way and safe so they didn't get tripped over or dinged. Enter the String swing.I have 7 of them and I have hung everything from a Fender bass to a takamine acoustic with no trouble.The Y headstock holder pivots to accommodate asymmetrical headstocks like a Stratocaster. Just slip your headstock into it and the weight of the guitar finds it's own center of gravity.The base plate is an attractive open wood grain and looks like hickory. I didn't use the supplied wall anchors and instead drilled directly into wall studs.These are well worth the cost.
I installed this in two minutes. I was planning on just using my twist-n-lock drywall anchors I bought at home depot to install some shelving recently but that's what it actually came with. These anchors are great. I used an 11/64 drill bit for the pilot holes. Don't use a bigger bit. It might be tempting to use a 1/4" drill bit if you're thinking of the push in type drywall anchors. That would be a mistake. These are better and screw in. I used a manual ratchet screwdriver. The anchors go flush with the wall then you screw the wood screws into the center of the screw head and through. I recently installed several shelves in two apartments (a friend saw mine and wanted some too) and these are the anchors I used. Of course a stud is better and also if your drywall is already crumbling that's no good. For a typical well maintained house or apartment though this should be fine even without a stud. I have a Schecter five string bass hanging from it and I'm confident that's not going to pull out from gravity. A heavier screw would still work and add confidence than the one packaged. One such as the screws packaged in actual twist-n-lock anchors. Looks nice. Decent price.
We bought three of these and they are just great. Mounting holes are drilled right, screws pass right through and fit perfectly. Comes with big, beefy drywall anchors and feels just right. Holds the guitar out at a safe distance. Highly recommend this over the other (way cheaper looking) ones that are a few bucks less. Spend the extra few bucks on these and SMILE.
I have 10 of these hanging on my wall with different types of guitars, banjos, and mandolins.They attach to the wall with 2 screws.  Hardware is included to attach those screws to drywall.  It takes about a 1/4 inch hole in the drywall where a large screw shaped plastic piece is inserted into the drywall and then the regular screws go into the plastic.The piece that touches the guitar has some sort of silicone/rubber which protects the instrument.  The holder can be bent in or out a bit to better fit the instrument that you have.I have moved a couple of times and these can be removed and attached again.Very sturdy, well made product.
This is a very simple product, but one which fulfills its intended purpose of hanging guitars on the wall.  This fits all my guitars from telecaster to classical neck widths.  The swivel mount is key to keeping excessive stress off of the neck.
Love these. They're sturdy . Which is very important and was my biggest concern since my guitars are pretty heavy. They look so cool on the wall and everyone compliments and noticed my guitars now. Love this so much. Highly recommended
I had purchased one a while back for my electric and then my acoustic was always leaning against the wall so I had to get another for my acoustic. Super simple to install and very sturdy once installed.
When placing my guitar in a stand on the floor I always worry that someone (person or dog) will knock it over.  This hanger works great for hanging my guitar out of the way, safe and secure.  Yes, I could put it in the case, but when I'm playing on and off all day long that becomes cumbersome, so this hanger is convenient and secure for my beloved guitar.
I bought eleven of these in order to hang a bunch of my guitars and I found them to be extremely simple and quick to install.  The included anchors work perfectly and went in without issue, leaving the String Swing solidly connected to the wall.If you are hanging a lot of guitars, making two rows (one high and one low) seems to be the best option.  I spaced the hangers eighteen inches apart and the guitars I put up look nice and have a good, tight spacing.  I uploaded two pictures of my wall after I had installed nine of the hangers and I couldn't be more pleased with the look... the pictures are uploaded on this product page.  I have put up the other two hangers since I uploaded the pictures, so I will have to do new pictures, but the ones that I put up will give you a good representation of the look you will get with these.The easiest way to hang a lot of these is to use a laser level such as theBlack & Decker BDL100AV All-In-One SureGrip Laser Leveland a long cloth tape measure that you can tack to the wall.  I just went down the wall making dots directly on the line, drilled quick pilot holes and nine of the string swings were installed in about 20 - 30 minutes.  I think that this is the quickest and easiest way to get a professional-looking installation.As far as the performance of the hangers goes, what is there to say?  The included anchors are big enough to keep the wooden backplate securely fastened to the wall and the hanger screws into a metal receptacle in the middle of it.  As long as you make sure that you tighten the hanger properly, you will be in good shape.I DO NOT, however, recommend buying theString Swing Home and Studio Wall Bumper Brown, as they are complete garbage and fall off the wall almost immediately.EDIT: I put the other hangers up now and did NOT drill pilot holes.  The anchors are made in such a way as to be nailed into the wall without using a pilot hole.  Just mark the positions, use a hammer to nail the anchors up to the screw portion, then screw them in.  It took about 1 minute to put a new hanger up, but this was partially due to the fact that I was able to use a level and put it against the bottom of the other hangers to get the line.  At any rate, you do not need to drill pilot holes; just nail and go!
Works Great! Its a good product, Just what i expected. I expect to buy more of these in the future. And for its price its well worth it!!!
Holds ~8-10 picks depending on thickness. I stick it on top of my amp so ive always got a pick close by.
I was using the bigger triangle kind before. The one that's more universal. But I only use the tortex pics. So I got this. They fit perfect. And they don't move around so much like with the bigger triangle one.
I am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and I am glad I did, I am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and I have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick, its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement, I stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when I drop my pick I just flick a new one out and continue on.
This pick holder works for me. It holds a number of picks well and easily discharges when needed. It fits my Jasmine well. Buy it from GO-DPS since they have one of the best customer service and quality products!
This is exactly what I was looking for to go into my case or my pocket. I will not put this on the back of my guitar but you do have the option. Perfect fit for medium picks. Ease of use, and durable. Have purchased another one! Good deal!
This is an OK solution to keeping your picks handy and organized; at least you can have one place where you can find a pick, as opposed to having them scattered all over the house and in every case, but a small baggie will work just as well. Maybe you have to get to one in a hurry on stage? Sometimes (depending on the amount and size of the pick) it's hard to get the pick out of the holder, and if you use something other than the standard shape, forget it.  It has an adhesive backing, so I guess you can stick it on your amp/guitar/wall/small animal, but I'd rather not.
It only holds 5 heavy picks but to be fair there has to be a spring in there so its ok.  The tapered design might be to make picks eject easier?  I never owned one of these so have nothing to compare to.  Except.  I did get those wedgie pick holders and those are definitely the way to go for picks on guitars.  These are good don't get me wrong.
I'm rather disappointed with this item as I put only FOUR (4) picks into it when it snapped apart. I use the Dunlop Tortex 1.0 mm picks and perhaps that's where I was at fault - I maybe should left it at three picks.However, my bench vise and some superglue have remedied the situation nicely. Thus beware of how many picks and their gauge BEFORE you push them into this holder.I give it 3 out of 5 stars for reasons stated.
Yet another awesome low cost guitar accessories from Jim Dunlop put the picks where you need them literally anywhere you need them stick it to the ceiling  if you got to
Like all of Dunlop products, this worked great.  It's real convenient on those rare occasions when you drop a pick in the middle of a performance.  I'm a Dunlop fan.
I purchased this pickholder for my son who has a nasty habit of leaving things in places they don't belong.  The holder keeps his picks in a place he is sure to find.  Best purchase I have made.
it hold my picks well, but some are to big for it and the tape/foam on the bottom looses the stick quickly. im neutral on this one.
I use Clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. My picks don't fit!!! If I shove them in, I can't get them out. Also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck.
It didn't seem like slight difference in shape would make it almost useless. It may work well with Dunlop picks but not for thePlanet Waves 10 Standard Guitar Picks - Duralin Blue ###GT!!! Medium/Heavy, also the thicker the pick, the fewer it will hold. It has sticky back foam tape on it for mounting to a surface like your amp or whatnot. I've found it mostly not useful thus far, maybe it would help more when playing live so I can grab for a pick and know they will be there.
This is a very good pickholder by Dunlop and looks much nicer than the regular Dunlop 5000 or 5005 - It does what it should and looks more esthetical than the Dunlop 5000 or 5005 versions. It does not hold more picks than its predecessors 5000 and 5005. It actually holds a couple of picks less. It holds some 4 or maybe 5 picks while the 5005 holds around 7 (if you use 0.60. gauge picks or lower). I did the test just for the heck of it with several picks. Since I use the Planet Waves Chrome Dome stainless steel picks (Joe Satriani), I only need to keep a couple on the holder plus the one I am playing with, so for me it does the job perfectly. I have a nice 2013 Paul Reed Smith Custom 24 with a beautiful and very stylish carved maple top, so I needed the pickholder to look better to better match to it. The adhesive works perfect and will not damage your guitar's top if placed as instructed. Place it gently, no need to press it too hard. Alean the surface very well before placing but do not use carnauba or any polishing material or gel before installing - Just regular guitar top cleaner (I use the PRS cleaner for example). Cheers!
I seriously do is so small and cute and it goes on the back of my guitar and I have great access to it. Fantastic.
Very nice, smooth, no sharp edges, not much bigger than the picks it's holding (it holds about 10 of my favorite thin Mel Bay picks) ... the only issue is, the spring clip that pushes the picks to the top, is a little too strong, and was warping my thin picks, but I just put one very stiff pick at the bottom of the pile, and it's fine.
I have mi picks available and all in the same place with this pickholder. You can stick it to the guitar. Is light and cheap.Go for it.
Does what it is designed to do, it holds about 6 picks.  Small piece of adhesive tape on the back. The supplier refunded some of the postage.  Amazon promised to credit my account $10 (credit never appeared) for the highly inflated shipping costs.  A $2 item cost $17.70 for shipping!  Be careful and read everything before you click to submit the order.
Every once in awhile, while browsing through Amazon, I come across something I don't know how I got along without!! And it really works!
In my humble opinion, the pictures make the product look purple.  They're not purple.  At least the ones I was sent.  They were charcoal.I bought them specifically to use with my daughter's purple Washburn guitar, so it's kind of annoying.Other than the color, there's nothing wrong with them.
Hi I need this item for travelling and it has work very well. I am pleased I have purchased this little yet great product.
Nice little device.  We'll see how long it lasts (a cheap little plastic thing really) but so far it does the job and holds about 6 or so medium picks easily without issue.  I use it with the medium dunlop picks.  Glad I got it.
Good-sized holder. I placed it between the tuners & it fits like it was made for that spot which is out of the way most of the time. Just enough tension to hold the picks & not too strong to to make it hard for me to remove them. Highly recommended.
This little item saves you the hassle to carry picks everywhere (wallet for example), and lets you securely carry many picks with you. I tought it would include at least a courtesy pair of picks, but it doesn't. I'm not complaining about it, but I think it would be a nice extra.Great buy!
it holds about 6 to 7 picks.  pressure is just right and overall size is very nice and adequate.  would recommend.
I have ordered several of these - like 6 or 7.  I love them.  They are great for holding picks & make wonderful gifts.
Simple, but elegant in size for placement in a guitar case. This a great device to put my genuine 'Planet Waves' signature picks in. Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
I always lose my damn picks, this helps. Hopefully I don't lose this pick holder that would really suck because there is like ten in there!
It's just unbelievable how well this device holds picks.  I mean, you just insert your guitar picks in this device and BAM - it holds them!  No further action is necessary! And when you need a pick - you just pull one out, and there it is!What will they think of next?
Nothing too crazy here. It holds your picks and sticks to your guitar. So far so good. Feels pretty durable, I'm sure it will last quite a while.
I have a black composite acoustic guitar and this little pickholder stays stuck right where the neck meets the body.  People watching me can't really see it, and it's right where I need it, full of picks, if I drop one.  Wonderful little invention.  Buy it, if you don't want to carry a mess of picks in your guitar case or pocket.
If you're always dropping picks, losing picks, breaking picks, this is perfect to have. Fits about 5-8 guitar picks or so. Stickies onto your guitar, wherever. There seems to be enough sticky-ness to move it around a few times and still have ti grip like new.
Love the holder and the picks looke great and nice  and I don't have to look around for my picks when I'm ready to play my guitar
Perfect size and does it's job. had one pick inside as a place holder. Stick tape holds it anywhere you want it. Cheap and easy.
It is not expensive, but the item is sort of cheap.  I could have used a baggy to hold my picks.
The pick holder work as described. I have not used the adhesive to attach the pick holder to my guitar yet but it stays attached to the head piece by sliding it between strings from the tuning pegs on the head piece. It is only sized for a standard size guitar pick so if you use small picks or large picks it will not hold your pick. It works well for standard guitar picks and will hold 5 or 6 picks if you like different thickness picks you can have a variety of picks that will store on the guitar or other pick instrument.
I store my picks in there and I put it by my table. It's a sturdy pick holder and it gets the job done.
This is fine as a general stick-on inexpensive pick holder. It doesn't hold very many picks, but it really doesn't have to. I would give this five stars except that I really prefer the Planet Waves LED key chain/pick holder over this. It costs more but has more functional value to me. If all you need is something very simple, and you have a surface you can stick it on, then this is fine.
I bought this so I can keep some extra picks handy... now if I can just decide where to adhere it, to my guitar or my music stand?  Or to the desk where I sit and play?  Maybe I should just get one for each spot and each instrument...  Yeah, I think a few of these would be nice.
it sticks on forever and holds lots of picks. It does exactly what it says it does. its also very cheap.
Designed to accommodate most "standard" shaped guitar picks, this Dunlop pick holder is handy little spring loaded device, for storing picks.  You can mix brands and types, but how many picks can fit inside, will vary from around three, to perhaps a dozen.  As a guide, about 10 Dunlop 0.60mm nylon picks will fit, but only 4 Dunlop 1.50mm Delrin picks.  Even thick irregular picks like the Dunlop 3.0 Big Stubby will fit, however the total number will be greatly reduced.Build quality is good, but forcing too many picks inside, could cause the spring to fail, or the seam to split.  A piece of double stick tape, shaped to match the pick holder, is included.  The tape does a barely passable job of hold the device in place.  I stuck mine on the backside of the headstock of my guitar, and while it stays in place, it's pretty wobbly.Color options at this time seem to be limited to black, but if you have DIY skills, you could paint it whatever color you like.  This is a decent buy, below the two dollar level.  I prefer this model over theDunlop 5505 pick holder, because it seems to be sturdier, and I like the more rounded appearance.
it didnt hold as many i as thought(it only holds 8)but that didnt matter,now i finaly have some where to put my picks so i dont lose them.the pick holder also has a sticky thing at the bottom so you can stick it to your guitar or somthing.
What can I say?  It's a cable.  It's cheap, and it works as advertised.  Much less expensive than what they try to force on you at the local music shops.  Gold tips, yeah, right!
Nice one, small, soft, cheap cable with comfortable lenght. Nothing else I can say :)Take it for cheap guitars.
these cables are nicely constructed. i bought them for home use only. home recording or just practicing.they seem to work well so far. i wouldnt gig with these on a regular basis, but for home use, with littleabuse, they should last.
I have many Planet Waves cables.  They all work well, are well constructed and are a good value.  I would highly recommend any Plant Waves Cables.
First of all I liked the fact that it came coiled in a circular coil instead of the bow tie pattern that leaves bends through out the lenght of the cord.  The jacks are sealed in rubber and provide stress relief. It sounds ok for the price.
I purchased the Planet Waves 10 Ft Instrument cable for our son to hook up his electric guitar to his amplifier. It works well...no connectivity issues whatsoever. Highly recommend.
It's a bit thinner than the average cable.Not as thick as I would like but works well and its kind of nice and slick to put away. Very smooth.
I think these are the same as the pricey monster cables and half the price.  I will buy Planet Waves from now on.
Absolutely no complaints about these cables.  We use them to power two Fender Squier Strats, and were very happy with the sound quality for our use.  The plugs are sturdy with injection molded guides/covers and provide good strain relief.  For the price there's no worry about solder quality, since any repair would cost you more in time than a new cable.We also use the more expensive metal cover Hosa Cables and see no appreciable difference in sound quality.Great for short connections for mixers or straight to the amp.Specs - 10', 1/4" mono (tip)
I really like this cord, it rolls easy, its long, and its got a great powdery feel to the material. I suggest having multiple of these so length wont be a problem, got 6 of'em myself, all sound great, (Right angle or Straight).Great buy, cant go wrong here.
I've come to the point where anytime I buy a new guitar cable it is a planet waves. They are good quality, decently priced, and I don't have to worry about them shorting out on me. Definite buy.
I prefer this cable over a lot of more expensive cables because it's inexpensive, yet lightweight, flexible, and of more than acceptable quality. The problem with a lot of more expensive cables out there is their greater weight and stiffness, which feels nice at first and feels "more studio," but when you're actually using the cable, it has a tendency to be too heavy and get in the way of things. For instance, Monster instrument cables have a tendency to move my tuner around because of how heavy they are.For just a few bucks more, I prefer Pro Co Excellines, since they have metal ends (and their lifetime warranty is simpler, just call Sweetwater), which feels nicer to me, but I like these just fine.
I like the Planet Waves instrument cables. The cable material is very bendable and easy to work with. Great so far.
WOW,if you need a guitar cable this is it...it's metal on the tips and long and black in the body (like a long snake with shiny ends) no, it works just fine and just long enough for my playing...if you have a guitar and amp you will need this...even without a guitar and an amp it's still fun to have!!!&#60;&#60;&#60; be warned this review may not help you...so go on to the next, if you need too&#62;&#62;&#62;
Simply, these are great cables. They snap right in, carry sound well, and come with a lifetime warranty. The 15' length is just about right, and at about one dollar per foot a good value. Recommended.
I haven't used the cable yet, but it looks new and durable. The cable appears to be structurally sound around end connections and seems to be what I expected. Can't wait for the rest of my gear to get here so I can do a sound test. Based on physical condition, I would recommend this product.
cable is conducive of good tone but jacks wear out after about one year of use. Still highly recommended for the money,
Great sound quality, meets full expectations. Cable is very flexible and also seems strong and good physical quality. It's worth spending a few extra dollars on a good quality cable rather than to buy other crappy cables.
Best inexpensive right angle cables out there. I use these in my lesson room at the music store that I teach at. They will last forever if you take care of them.
This cable is really good for the price! i have been using creepy cables that makes noises when plugged into the amp but this one keeps it quiet. Would like to purchase another one in the future. Buy it! it's worth it
Once I switched to these cables I never use anything else now. Great connection sounds good and no issues at all.
I ordered these as both a spare and to use with my lower end keyboard (a Casio PX-320) so I could leave my expensive Roland RD-300NX in my home studio. Much to my surprise this cable is pro quality. It's as noise free as myMonster Rock 21' Instrument Cable, and I cannot tell the difference between the two cables when I am using this one with either or my keyboards. The remainder of this review is going to compare this cable to the Monster model.I'll give the Monster cable a plus for outer jacket and overall construction, but where it matters - signal transmission - I frankly cannot tell the two apart. Part of the reason may be that this cable uses both foil and braided shielding to minimize handling and emissions noise. And I am sure that the oxygen-free copper conductor also has something to do with it. Both the every expensive Monster cable and this one share some high end components and construction.I love the strain relief on this cable more than the one on the Monster. It does a better job of holding flex to a minimum, although the connectors on the Monster are a better quality.Bottom line: the Monster cable wins out in few places, but this one is no slouch or cheaply made piece of junk. In fact, I will probably keep the Monster cables in my home studio and switch completely to this model for gigging. For one thing, there is no discernible degradation in sound quality with this one, and for another this costs a fifth of what I paid for the Monster. Even if you insist on using the more expensive cables, this is a great one to have as a spare.
Its solid. Has great quality. & doesn't short out on you. I had it for a few months now & not a tear anywhere in site Planet Waves printed on the cord "guaranteed for life" i think they mean it XD
Good  cable works for me, using it in a rhythmtrak foot switch. Just the right length. May order more as extra's.
Solid, reliable and rocks.Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. Nothing else to say. Thanks.
Very good sound and quality.  I am not a professional guitarist, so these cables will do just fine for me.
Clear amazing cable VERY UNDERRATED incredibly cheap and amazing sound quality overall
I haven't measured signal throughput so I can't comment on that.  But where this cable does impress is how easy it is to handle.  This thing simply will not crimp, will not kink up on itself, does not get twisted and has no tension in it.  It's the easiest handling cable I've ever dealt with, a real pleasure when you've got all kinds of wires running all over.  It's like a floppy noodle but light and sturdy, and the jacks are strong and stable with no loose connections.I have a 10-footer with one right-angle connection, and the right angle is a perfect fit for the jack on the bottom end of a Telecaster.
The Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable, 5 feet is a very well pro made cable that has always been exactly what I needed.
What can one say about a cable?They are intended to transmit electrical impulse with the least amount in interference and this one does a superb job of just that.Why I have been thinking of replacing all of my other cables with additional cables just like this one, only slightly longer or a good deal shorter depending on the intended function.
The cable died on me in less than a month. Very disappointed in built quality.
It does what I need to get my bass and guitar to the amp. Probablly not much use being only five feet in length for a gig or show but since I am only rocking out in my house it's no big deal.
This same chord was almost 30 bucks in a regular store it just had a different name on it, sounds great and you won't trip all over the place while rocking out, so get one today.
havent used this one yet.  i got it to run to my pedal board for those stages where the backline is not easily accessible.  seems like a well made cable and i like planet waves products in general
Always high quality for a reasonable price. More durable than the cheap cables you find online and less expensive than the 'boutique' cables.. Great working-man's gear. Not so cheap that you can't rely on them, not so expensive that you can't buy a number of extras.
This is a nice cable. Made from good materials and is attractive. I needed a 10 foot cable and Im glad I didn't buy one from the store.
When you're just starting to purchase equipment and are on a budget look into Plant Waves line up of cables and such.They offer good middle of the road accessories. Even high end also. Check them out they carry OK equipment. These mic. cables are working really well for me. Highly recommended.
What can i say?  this is a xlr cable.i just have to stress if you want gear that will last for a while and not have a crappy connection somewhere buy decent cables.This one has quality ends on it and that makes me happy that this investment will last years down the road.So buy a decent quality cable like this one and not the cheapest!
Happy to have Black connectors on an XLR cable that doesn't cost a ton.  I use these for a short run to my mixer from my Line 6 Pod. They work great. Not the greatest mic cable, but for the price they can't be beat.
The title says it best, it's a decent basic mic cable.  It's nothing special, like a canare or mogami, but does the job in a non-high stress position.  cable is a bit thin (but the supple, quality thin those that have high end mic cables will recognize). it was priced right @ $7.50 usd.
These cables are flexible without feeling cheap, and have solid end connectors. And, they produce no electrical noise like my old ones do, which is why I replaced them. I suspect these cables will be a round for a long time to come, which was something important to me when making my purchasing decision. These mics cords have solid construction going for them, without the high dollar cost.
Elderly pickers like me fumble conventional picks onto the floor, particularly when the skin is dry during winter. The grip material molded onto these picks goes a long way toward preventing that. The material used for the core gives a slightly softer tone than the Fender mediums I have used for 50 years. I like the graduated feel these picks have, with a slight give in the center, allowing the player to vary the pick attack between strumming and picking single notes.
These are good picks,  I've tried all the other gel pick's and plastic pick's,  The gel pick's  come close,But these are great, Because I have Dexterity Problem's, and the plastic/rubber grip Is perfect............I do still have a little Trouble with controlled the pick and droping the pick  but they definitely do help.I def Do recommend these to anyone who was deceased/bad dexterity.
These picks seem well made and have a solid feel, but I'm not sure I like the sound of them.  Like so many other guitarists, I go through a lot of picks, searching for what feels and sounds the best for what I do.  I don't this is it for me--at least not on acoustic.  Whatever I didn't like about them got drowned out when I tried electric.  Since I've been playing more acoustic lately, I might or might not buy these again.
I used to think a pick was a pick, with the only difference being stiffness. (I should say that I prefer picks of medium stiffness). The only problems I had with "regular" picks was: (1) them slipping in my hand (turning around), (2) out of my hand (on the floor), and, of course, (3) breaking. I decided to give the Dava picks a try. I bought a pack of the "jazz" picks and a pack of these "grip tips". I really thought I'd like the jazz picks better: that they would be easier to grip and more like a regular pick. But, after trying them both, I find these (the grip trips) are now my "pick of choice". They fit my grip perfectly, stay put in my hand, and give me maximum control when I play, whether it's lead or rhythm. I have yet to break one. I'm mainly buying another set because I've given a few away for people to try and I want to have plenty readily available. I like to leave picks laying around my house at various optimum locations, so whenever I pick up a guitar to play, I've got one close by (also always keep a spare in my wallet). Bottom line is, for me at least, these picks are tops! Sure I can still use a regular pick when that's all that's available. But why not use the best when I can???Update: Been using these picks for a year since my first review. Still love them. Still have yet to break one (and I can be an aggressive strummer). The only reason I need to buy more: I lose them. I have to admit they are a bit pricey, compared to other picks. But for me, they are still tops. Which is why I'm buying another half dozen.
I absolutely LOVE these picks. Grips really well in your hand, plays like a dream. I just wish more came in the pack. I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone if they want some great picks.
Dava picks are one of life's guilty little pleasures. They may seem pricey for picks, but they're still not that expensive. I bought this batch of picks when I realized my Davas from three years back were all gone.I use these to play slide. I also have Fender and Musician's Friend picks, but those are just the standard flat stamped-out pieces of plastic. The Davas offer a much better grip and a greater sense of control. And they just plain feel good to use. The other picks have more of a tendency to slip and slide, but with Dava you get a great grip.
I have been playing guitar off/on for about 30 years. I have always used whatever cheap picks I could find laying around or snagged from music shops -- the free ones they give you when you try out a guitar in the shop :) Always Medium gauge, for both acoustic and electric. I decided to try these Dava 1303's because they were cheap and looked cool, wasn't expecting much, I mean, a pick is a pick, right? Wrong. These little guys have a fantastic "feel" to them; they seem to get in between the strings so effortlessly for flat picking. It's crazy but that is what I am experiencing. They are maybe a bit on the thin side, but not overly so, I got used to them quick. Plenty stiff enough for enthusiastic strumming or picking. Tone-wise, they produce a nice, crisp, slightly metallic string sound which I rather like. I recorded some with them today and it was perhaps a bit on the loud side with regards to the audible pick attack on the strings on the acoustic (a Breedlove C25). But not bad and I was using a sensitive Rode condenser. Haven't played much with them on my electric yet (customized Fender Stratocaster) but I'm sure they will be fine there as well. I like these picks a LOT and am ordering a dozen more to keep around. Good stuff.
high end pick.  felt comfortable even with its larger size.  took awhile to get used to but really liked it.
I collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and I do so for a good reason: I don't use the same pick for the same sort of playing style. I tend to use some picks for jazz; some for blues; some for metal and so on. Not all picks are made the same & some are far better than others.The Dava Master Control Pick (DMCP) is a very nice & useful pick. I've been enjoying it for heavy strumming (or as the metalheads call it, "chuggin'"). I like its thin center and the way it is overall contoured which makes holding it a delight to my forefinger & thumb.Another thing I really like about it is the metal tip which some folks may not enjoy as it does give a bit of a metallic tone when it touches the strings. This is especially true when you've just replaced your old guitar's strings for new ones. Depends on how you like it or not whether you like that metallic ting - I do for certain passages.The pick's construction seems to be fairly rigid & yet it has potential to do more than merely chug again on the low E & A strings. DMCP is definitely a plectrum that I will be using a lot of in the future and not just for hard core metal but also for subtle tones in jazz passages with the distortion off.Overall I give the DMCP 5 out of 5 stars for being what it claimed it was and for being something that I will find great utility for in years to come.
This pick will give you a distinct tone because it's made of metal, not plastic. I'm sure it won't wear out any time soon either. The size is regular.  I just wish it had a sharper point, but I can still pick fast enough with it to play speed metal.
I usually use Dunlop big stubby 2.0 picks. I used the Master Control Pick for the first time today, and I just had to order two more, because they're so amazing!! The attack is second to none!! At first the pick felt a bit strange as I'm accustomed to the thicker Dunlop, and I have to admit that initially I was a bit weary of the notably thinner Dava; but in no way has my playing been hindered, if anything it just seems to run along the strings effortlessly, and by far these are the most comfortable picks I've ever used!! What a find!!UPDATE 6/6/14:Still the best pick I've ever played. If you're worried about the metal tip of the pick breaking or weakening the strings, don't worry, they won't (at least not from what I've seen). Also, pinch harmonics are the easiest thing in the world to play with these picks!
This is a heavy duty strap. I use these on my fender guitars to make sure my guitar doesn't fall. It is a very comfy strap and prolly wouldn't break if you had a knife to it. It's the best strap money can buy.
This is just your typical nylon strap (a bit stiff, but durable).  I love the Celtic design enough to use this strap, but ordinarily I prefer higher quality materials than the nylon and plastic construction (with leather ends).  The leather is also a bit stiff, but not so stiff that it's not functional or reliable.  If Dunlop made this in cotton and steel, I'd pay 4x as much for it...
This is a really nice strap.  It's very thick and feels like it's well made and high quality for a non-bank breaking price on a strap.  Looks cool and vintage, I am a fan of many Dunlop products and this one does not disappoint at all.
I bought two of these straps from a local store for thirty bucks each about two years ago. They've been the best straps; along with the same straps without the grommets, that I've used. I figured I'd save a bit and get a couple more from Amazon. I got them fast and saved twenty bucks. They do fine with my fairly heavy Fender and St Blues guitars as well as my P bass. They are middle of the road for price and width, but give me no comfort issues at all. My second favorite strap is one just like this except without the grommets. Super tight and easy to lower. Raising it is a different story though. I just save the fast &#34;lower played&#34; songs for last. Those are the best ones anyway. Excellent strap.
this guitars strap can work in any guitar, from a really light  guitar as a bird of prey to a  heavy Warlock NT
This is a sweet guitar strap. I have a similar one but it has blue fire on it. These are very durable straps that won't fall off your guitar so you can play confidently. They are on the little bit of the stiff side where it can be kinda uncomfortable at times but it's expected since it's new. My blue fire strap from Dunlop is comfortable now since I've used it for awhile. So it's get better as you use it. Besides it being uncomfortable at first, it's an awesome strap and I would recommend it to anyone that has a guitar :)
nice sturdy construction for the most part, although I don't like the plastic that connects the fabric to the ends. But for the price, you get what you pay for. I would have much better liked it if they were metal. I put this on my Les Paul and it fit good, but I decided it was not the look I wanted on that guitar so I put it on my BC Rich instead. The BC Rich has both of its strap mount points on the rear of the guitar, so when I adjusted the length to a comfortable position, the adjustment buckle is now on my neck and shoulder rather than on my back. I'll give it a try for a while, but I think that is going to annoy me and will need to find it a new home on one of my other guitars or just keep it around as a spare.
as I said on my last Dunlop strap reviewI love the Dunlop Guitar straps not expensive strong and sturdy just a great product I have 4 or 5 of them.when I buy a guitar I buy a Dunlop strap and Strap locks always to protect my investment.
Reduces string noise as promised.  Makes slides much easier to accomplish with ease and less noise.  I think they also do reduce some finger soreness as your fingers aren't as irritated from sliding on bare strings.  Makes them feel kinda like elixirs, but sounds a lot better and you still have the naked strings feel.  Also does make the neck a lot smoother.  I will be buying more for all my guitar cases.
I was hoping this product would eliminate string "talking" and had mixed results.  It helped some but didn't get rid of the noise entirely.  It also makes the strings feel nice as well.  I will continue to use it.
I've been using this product for many years. It has always worked well for me. I just spray a little on my hand and then rub the neck and strings, and I'm good to go!
I bought a new guitar & got it a day before my fingerease was delivered. My fingers were squeeking & sticking on the strings & back of neck, BAD!!After applying fingerease no more squeeks & much easier to move up & down the fretboard!!This stuff has been around for years.1st time I saw it was 40 years ago.Can't argue with that track record!!If you never used it get a can, you won't regret it!!Joe
I've been using this stuff for about 8 years or so and I really don't play without it it makes chord changes faster and easier and your fingers slide real easy.
If you haven't used this stuff, and if you plan to play 'squeak-less' guitar, take the risk. Buy some.  You'll wonder how you ever played without it.  You might even become the next Joe Satriani!
Makes the strings nice and easy to fly over. No buildup, or residue on your fingers either. I like this stuff.
It claims to stop &#34;string talk,&#34; when you rub fingers on wound strings. It doesn't. But it does reduce it somewhat, and it also helps me keep playing even when my fingers get sore from playing too long, or playing a new song over and over.I gather my fretting fingers together and spray a little bit of this stuff right onto my fingertips. Seems to help my callouses without messing them up, and reduces the tenderness under the callouses that comes after a lot of playing.
This stuff is great. The other guys are always coming over and grabin a shot or two cause I leave it in the pedal board. Iv'e been using this for years. I like smooth slippery strings for speed and ease. Humidity  not a problem with this stuff. .
This is a great investment if you are like me and don't want to drill a hole in your guitar to put in a new button. It does make the strap long ,but is suppose to. You will have to adjust your strap from the other side. All in all this is a great product.
I read reviews about this being a safer option for an acoustic guitar strap support than the usual tie-device. Working just fine so far, came quickly in the mail.
I needed something so I would not have to drill a hole in my guitar to attach my strap...This is nicer than using a shoelace to attach the strap and it is an EASY, QUICK release and is very secure. I am happy with this product and will order some more in the future. Nice, inexpensive and useful solution to a guitar strap problem!
THis snap strap quick release system is a boon for those of us without a send strap button on our ukes sand guitars. Very serviceable, easy to use, sturdy.
all my guitars use this quick release clip. its so easy to install and sturdy material, it wont break easily even after many uses! have one now!
I gave it 4 stars because it is well made and it does the job it is designed to do. But I personally do not like how it looks of it when installed. But that is only a personal opinion. You may see it differently. Don't use my opinion on how it looks to influence your purchase. It does what it was made to do. I purchased it to add an extension to a short guitar strap.
I have two of these for my acoustics, and when I get another acoustic...I'll be buying another one of these. Nice quick release without having to tie anything. I have one that is over 5 years old and still works like a charm.
good if you dont want to have to drill your guitar for a stud mount. its nice and does its job. sometimes gets in the way of the strings or might stop a tone but it ultimately works
This is a nice addition to a guitar that you don't want to drill a hole into for a strap button.  It's a quick release with the buckle.  One end stays on the strap - the other around the head stock of the guitar.  Makes it nice if you have more than one guitar without a strap button- Buy 2.
Works with any strap. For a quick detach system of so you don't have to drill for a strap button to hold your guitar.
I just put it on my Baby Taylor guitar strap.  Nice!  Does the job and does it well.  Comes in a "guitar shaped" package that clearly shows how to install it in seconds if you are a newbie.  Glad I got this one.  It is exactly what I was hoping it would be.
I love this product.  I t holds your guitar very securely and does lease the guitar at the neck extremely fast, so y don't have to life it over your head.  Well worth the price.
The Acoustic Guitar Quick Release System is very interesting.  I ordered this as a filler item for a much larger order, just to give it a try.  So far so good.  Thanks.
I bought this for an accousic guitar, then I had to have one for a mandolin, and now I also have one for a square-neck dobro.  Some accoustic guitar manufacturers cases that come with the guitar don't leave much room for a leather strap.  Some case manufacturers have the same problem.  This item fixes the problem of taking the strap off and saves you all the work to untie it, that means a lot when you also have to set up and tear down equipment on a dance job.  Same with the mandolin, if you want a wider strap. The dobro had the issue with the strap didn't have a great connector.
Slips right under the guitar strings and does not impede your guitar playing in any way. A very good design.
Love the quick release system, I just hook on one end to the guitar and the other to a strap, perfect for use when you are standing and playing.  I can just quick release it when I'm done.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I was wandering how to make easy do quick release strap from my guitar. I did see this device on amazon.com and I decide to buy and try one. I was pleasantly surprised with this "Guitar Quick Release System" is working good with my acoustic guitar. And because of that I did purchase 2 more for my other guitar and for my friend one.
I have acoutic guitar that never felt comfortable to me. This little device changed that by allowing me to use just about any standard strap and attaching it to the neck for better balance. And its inexpensive.
I'm a gadget lover and this is a good one.  It makes it very easy to attach or detach your guitar strap to/from the headstock of your guitar or ukulele or other stringed instrument.
Needed something to allow the strap on the guitar to be removed for ease of operation during playing.  This filled the bill, works on basically any type of guitar.  It just hooks around the neck and ties into the strap, and has a quick release.
Quick release around the neck strap system. Unbeatable for acoustic, especially since so many acoustics are neck heavy. I would recommend this to anyone. &#8203;
Simple enough, right? Works as advertised. A great simple idea that I'm glad someone put into production. For my taste, the loop is too long where it wraps around at the headstock/nut area, so I just tied it up snug. I had been using the Martin leather strap holder where your strap hooks onto a plastic button, and this is far more secure because straps sometimes work their way off of the button on the Martin holder. However, folks with brand new shiny expensive guitars might want to take note: while the nylon lace that wraps around is nice and strong, it is fairly rough and abrasive, and my experience is that it will very definitely wear at the finish of your git in that area. Won't rub the finish off or anything to that degree, but if you're freaky squeaky clean about maintaining cosmetic perfection on your guitar (which I am NOT), you will definitely notice the finish rubbed and dulled and even chipped a bit there at points of contact. I can think of a million simple solutions to that, but that's another story. Overall, great little item.
I bought it by mistake cause I don't own nor play the bass but it works for my guitar..fits well!! good quality too!
Good idea. Tends to slip on the strings however. Convenientt to have a pick at the end of the neck.
I usually keep pick in my mouth when I don't use them but sometimes I drop them, and at a show you do not have time to bend down and grab it, so this is a nice option to have a spare one, if you use bass picks, get this, it is bigger than the guitar version, much like the picks.
I purchased 2 of these items to use with my band for the guitarists. I was disapointed when I mounted a Shure sm 58 mic on it and found that the goose neck would not stay erect. These are made far too loose and flexible for most professional mics. They may work on very small and light weight units but for my needs they are totally unuseable. It would have been helpful to include the suggested weight that this goose neck would support in the sales description. I wasted my money. Don't waste yours. Perhaps viagra would be helpful ;-)
is an excellent product super strong and works great arrived in excellent condition. This very cool.its strong and hard
So stiff. Nothing short of a five pound weight will cause this extension to buckle. If you sing and use effects pedals for an instrument, and can't rely on a good boom microphone stand being at every venue, get one of these and throw it in with your gear.
I am glad I bought this. It is exactly what was described and it was a good price. Get it.
I use this when myOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Blackare too long for what I want to do. Sometimes - on rare occasions - I have used this to extend the length of the 13" model.The mic I mainly use this with is aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone, which is small, relatively light, and works with saxophones as well as drums and cymbals. When I am using that mic for alto and tenor sax, I use anOn Stage MY550 Microphone Extension Attachment Barto clamp to the pole of a regular microphone stand, and attach the gooseneck and DM70 without using a separate mic stand.Because this and its bigger sibling are so versatile I keep a few of each size around, plus a supply of extra extension attachment bars. In some situations they can be a savior during set up.  I will empahsize, though, that anything larger than the DM70 or DM80 (which is slightly larger and heavier), and this may not hold your mic in place.
Nice looking gooseneck, threads are clean, fits well.  However, the gooseneck is too flexible and will not hold up a mic (Shure SM58) without collapsing.  Better try another brand, or spend a buck or two more to get a better product.
There are a ton of phaser options out there - even from MXR themselves - which makes this issue a bit confusing.  I'd owned a Phase 90 back in the 80s and wanted another one.  A few years ago I didn't have the budget to consider the more expensive MXR versions, so I just got this one.I think it sounds fine.  I gigged with it for years without issue.  Yes, there's a slight volume bump, but I think this is really mostly a midrange hump that will alter your tone and give you some distortion, depending on how your amp is set up.  I always use it with a clean tone, and I'm used to it so it's not a big deal.If I were to shop for a phaser today I'd consider some of the other MXR models, as well as versions from other manufacturers which offer a mix knob.  A phaser is a very specific sound, but I love it in small doses.  For my needs this one works.
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. Phasing is very sensitive and delivers as it should. No need for the EVH red logo version (unless you're a super fan or something) - I actually believe this unit will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
I returned this because I wanted the script version instead. Very different sound. Watch YouTube to compare models. This pedal seems older as well.
This is a great pedal for price. No it's not the most amazing phase pedal, but it's still quality. I know many pedal geeks who still have it on their board. If you don't use a lot of phaser but need it for a song or 2. Buy it.
Simple and compact.No clicking or buzzing.Perfect for old Van Halen solos like in &#34;You Really Got Me.&#34;Plus, you can get a swooshing bright sound you can't get with a Flange and Chorus when backing it down and playing clean.Play some old KISS or some Rob Zombie.$65 bucks is expensive but a true analog phaser isn't available in most amp emulators.&#34;You know your man is working hard... he's worth a deuce!&#34;
I have several MXR pedals. Every one is superb--except for this PHASE 90 (the non-"script" version reviewed here). This PHASE 90 is worthless for anyone who wants to use it while playing clean, for it adds a tsunami of irritating distortion, a swoosh of sonic dirt. I did some research and discovered that other people who also hate this pedal's distortion suggest some modifications. (Look up "MXR Phase 90 Mods," and "Erik's Corner" will show you how.) I made the "R28," "C11," and "C12" modifications. The result: a slightly improved phaser, one that still churned out plenty of distortion. Finally, I tried adjusting the internal trim pot. On no setting could I get rid of ... you guessed it: distortion. I spent literally hours in a futile and frustrating effort to make this pedal sound merely acceptable. No luck. BOTTOM LINE: IF YOU WANT A PHASER THAT DOESN'T ADD SIGNIFICANT DISTORTION, AVOID THIS INCARNATION OF THE PHASE 90.
The MXR Phase 90 is a classic stompbox popularized by Eddie Van Halen. At present, I own an MXR Phase 90, a Boss PH-3 Phase Shifter, and a Line 6 MM4 Modulations Modeler (with a few phaser patches), so I can compare these three units.The Phase 90 has a single "Speed" control that sets the rate of the phase, so it is simple to use. If there is a single knob, that is a good indicator that the manufacturer feels pretty good about the sound of the unit. In this case, I agree.The MXR Phase 90 is by far the cheapest of these three units. In my opinion, it also gives the best sound within its capabilities, and actually seems to boost the volume slightly. The Boss PH-3 gets a slight volume drop but it is workable, and the Line 6 MM4 has a volume drop that for me is hard to use on a guitar pedalboard because I usually don't leave modulations on for an entire song, but turn them on/off in different sections (unless its a chorus).Of the three, the Phase 90 has the least versatility. You can imitate the Phase 90 sound on both of the other units (the Line 6 MM4 does a slightly better job) and both the PH-3 and MM4 have more sonic possibilities. Also, the Boss PH-3 will give a lot more spacey extremes than the Phase 90 which stays in a "normal" range. But again, of the three the MXR Phase 90 sounds the best of the three at what it can do.Bottom Line:(1) A classic pedal at a great price(2) Great sound & slight volume boost(3) Simple to use(4) Limited sonic possibility, "safe" or "normal" guitar sounds (no crazy extremes)(5) Beautiful bright orange color, you can't miss it(6) Compact size does not eat up pedalboard space
Bought this for a mic that my daughter received and fit well. Product is as described and fits mic perfect. Will buy more in future.
not much to say about foam.  They do the job well.  You can't go wrong.  I would recomend these to anyone and they are cheap.
Nice to keep your mic nice and fresh. Plus it protects the head and gets rid of most of the noise while taking a breath. Decent value!
Came in time, worth the price and fits perfect on to my mic. As an advice to every one using a mic whether it is a regular or condenser mic, always use this protection on the mic to avoid the body fluids getting inside grill and on to diaphragm. This is worth the investment for your expensive mic.
I bought this to go with my Shure SM58S.  It fits the mic well.  No odor.  Effective at suppressing pops.
Blocks noise perfectly, priced better than the local store. fit very well my mic. Awesome! Great for an amateur, just like me
Hi guys. Really simple little review here. This is a windscreen. It does windscreen things.Pros1. It works2. It fits my microphoneCons1. The package game a little smushed so it's a little misshapen.It's $2, it works. If it's not the highest quality stop complaining. It's $2, what did you expect, kevlar?
Just slipped this windscreen on my mic (a wireless brand) and it barely fit perfectly. Any smaller and it would be going in the trash.The foam is obviously of good quality and it's plenty thick. I'm using it mainly to protect the mic's metal screen, but also to keep others' germs off the mic (seeing as how they tend to put their mouths on it!).
Works well as a pop wind screen for our field operations. When the Z108 Party patrol is out and about the never leave without it.
This is a black sponge for smaller mics.  I got mine for use with some Behringer mics.  At first, I didn't think they would fit, but it just took a bit of stretching.  They fit really snug, which is excellent because they won't fall off or slide around on the mic causing noise.  They do what they're supposed to do.
Okay,  Color coding is a GREAT idea.Divas will not use the red ball windscreen.Why?Because, from a distance it looks like they have a clown nose.No kidding!  I have had several tell this to me and my sound tech.  So save your dough, buy any color but RED.Diva's!!!!  What can I say?
This does a great job blocking out the wind on a microphone and other unwanted noise. I can literally blow into the microphone and you won't get any &#34;pop&#34; in the microphone, only sound waves.
....to have when used outside where there is a lot of wind noise.  I sometimes play in a park or outside around the BBQ.  A must have.
the foam ball prevents wind pop and it also doesn't get smelly like some other foam would be. i would highly recommend it.
What can you say about a Foam Ball type mic windscreen?  Well it fits the RODE M1 Mic I was using nice and tight. Quality is good, didn't tear apart when you put it on the mic and the recorded sound is just fine.
Alot of Zoom H1 users put this over their mics.  The fit is nearly perfect.  For that application this is THE windscreen to get.  Works great.
I used these on a Behringer XM8500'sIt fits tight and does not obstruct the tone greatly.I have not tested its wind screen capabilities.I use it to protect my microphones from singer&#8217;s saliva :-)Works great and does not fall off.
I use this for my rockband microphones but be careful , if you have cats the hair will get stuck in it. Other than that it really works well in taking away some of the echo from loud speakers while playing rockband.
Bought this with a mic and foam cover and stand and it all works perfect. Geat value for the money. My daughters use all of them every week. Will buy more in the future
It's great to have a few extra mic clips on hand and for the price, these are great.  They hold SM58/57 perfectly.  Not cheap or poorly made at all, a great value.
it holds a mic just fine. I just wish it had a little more &#34;give&#34; to it. still a great product for the price
Use it with an SM58 Shure mic in a studio type application. Holds up great, Mic does not slip. Upside down, sideways.
it does what's it's suppose to do... holds a mic, pretty much what you see is what you get... works very well.
This microphone clip becomes loose at the hinge very quickly, and needs to consistently be tightened. Too much of a hassle, really~
This is obviously a necessary item if you want to attach this to a microphone stand. It holds great and keeps the microphone snug into palce. However, The gap for the cable to fit through should be a bit bigger, as well as the tail-end of the grip; because if you have a certain kind of XLR adapter that is wider than the microphone, you won't be able to take the microphone out of the grip without disconnecting the XLR adapter first.
This is a simple, straight forward and worthy replacement mic clip for the standard Shure SM57/58 type mic. Well made, reasonably priced as with most On Stage stuff.
These are obviously designed for microphones with the Shure SM-57/58 series form factor. I use mine for the much heavierBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone, and this clip holds it right where I adjust it to.The threads in the base of the clip appear to be precision-machined. Mine effortlessly mate with anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Black, anOn Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone Standand aMusician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand Black, which are the only stands with which I've used this clip.Bear in mind that if you are using microphones that are designed with form factors that are different from the Shure SM (and PG and similar), or a different brand that uses that form factor, then this clip will probably not work. Also I cannot vouch for it as a clip for heavy touring, although for local bar gigs it should easily hold up, and at the price you can afford to purchase some spares (actually, you SHOULD do that.)I am personally pleased with mine and do not regret selecting this model. I have five or six on hand, including a few spares, and if I needed more clips, this is the one I would purchase.
These kind of clips can break. But if you're just a little bit careful not to push the microphone in too hard, it should last for a long long time.
Very tight fit which is great for your stationary mic .It hold the mic with no concerns of the mic falling out. Great for back up singers .
Not sure there is much to say about a mic stand clip.Solid plastic. Brass threading. Adjustable pivot screw.I've always been pleased with On Stage products, even down to there cheap $3 clips.
Worked perfectly to use my Samson mic with a stand I purchased. Definitely would purchase again, solid quality build. Good purchase!
good deal. quite the steal. if it sounds at all like the pinstripe bass pedal. im sure it will be amazing. and its cool that i got a snare head with the deal. those are pretty crucial to a drumset. :)
These heads are virtually indestructable and produce a great sound. Attack is superb, especially when played hard and loud, and the construction ensures minimal ring and overtone.Be aware that this head pack does not product the best tone and sound for jazz (get Remo Fiberskyns for that kind of sound), but the Pinstripe model that comprises this pack has become the De Facto standard for rock.If you still have the heads that come with your drum kit - and play rock - changing over to this pack will probably make a dramatic improvement in the way your kit sounds, regardless of whether you are playing a budget no-name brand, or Pearl, Mapex, Tama, Ludwig or similar pro quality drums.I also recommend that you get a Rhythm Tech Memo Key (ASIN B0002E2EOE) or Evans Torque tuning key (ASIN B0002D0HZI) to allow you to quickly get your heads in perfect tuning once you have them installed.  Either of these will allow you to get the most out of these (or any other) heads and transform your kit into a finely tuned, professional sounding set of instruments.
Good short cable, plugs easy
Bought these and they worked great with my Digitech delay, reverb, chorus and Jaman.  No noticeable noise added to my ears.  They continue to work to this day.  They are built tough enough for moderate use and do the job for cheap.  GOOD VALUE!
These are by far the best value for effects pedal cables.  I find the local music stores won't stock them, forcing you to buy higher quality cables at about $7.00 each.  These cables, so far, have done the job at a fraction of the price.  We will see how well they stand up over the long-term as they are a cheaper cable.  But for the price, they are great.  At 6 per pack, you can even afford to simply replace them as they go bad and still be ahead -- if that even happens.
Not much to say about patches...they haven't given me ANY trouble, which is as good as it gets with cables!
These cables are awesome. They do what they are suppose to do and do it well. I personally like that they are smaller in the middle and are easier to fold than regular cable. If you are looking to connect your pedals and dont want to break your wallet look no farther than HOSA 6inch cable!
These pedal cables are of superior quality at a reasonable price. Well-designed and reliable, I highly recommend these. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product.
I wish I bought longer cables but these cables are fine. They do what they are supposed to do but I know I can spend a few more dollar dollar bills and get a higher quality cable but the tonal difference wouldn't be anything significant.
These are great for connecting effects pedals.  I really don't know how else you would do it in a small space, without making your pedal box look like a plate of spaghetti.
I got these because I work as a live sound engineer and they sometimes come in handy used as interconnects between guitar pedals.
These cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. Don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price I am very happy; I'd buy more for sure. I would probalby uses these for gigging as well if I didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.As the title says, these are a great value and work well.
good product great price. as long as you take care of them they seem as though they will last quite a while.
This was perfect I am very happy with the  Hosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Pack!
great price. i would recommend it to anyone needing patch cables for their peddle board. very flexable and pretty good quality
These are a bit short, only complaint.But I should have known that going into a 6" double right ended cable.Perhaps a straight to straight would be better.Anyway, besides that, they seem to be decent enough quality.I can see a few years of careful use.
I'll keep it short: I owned a Boss EQ pedal in the past and didn't have much luck with it. I tried and tried and tried to hone in the sound I was looking for but the Boss just wouldn't do it for me. Fast forward a few years and I purchase this little baby on a whim.  Man, am I glad I did!  The 6 sliders made it very easy to dial in the exact tone I was looking for.  A small boost of the first two sliders gave my amp more bottom-end than it could ever manage on its own, and a small boost of the last two provided more of a balanced, well-rounded sound.  Love it and wouldn't wanna part with it!The pedal itself is built like a rock.  I imagine nothing shy of nuclear war could dent this thing.  The individual sliders, although not quite as Ford-tough as the rest of the pedal (haha), feel nice and slide easy.  Each slider lights up red when engaged, which not only looks cool but makes it very easy to see on a dimly lit stage.If you're on the fence about an EQ or which EQ brand to buy, I recommend you give this little monster a stomp.
Bought this on a whim.  It works well when utilized with the amp in direct fashion.  When used with a pedalboard rig, it doesn't add much except for hiss, unfortunately.  Sweet sound with an older Fender amp unit, though.  Does not sound good with updated equipment, Line 6 equipment, Roland units.  I'd say definitely do not get this if you're a tech or gear head.  Get it if you're a simple player with few FX in your arsenal.  It does sound good when just utilized with amp and guitar, amp, wah, and guitar, or amp, wah, guitar, and expression pedal.  Nothing else I've tied it to has seemed to work out, though.  Probably a wasted product with where I'm headed as a technical player, but good for beginners and intermediate levels.  Into King Crimson/Fripp styles?  Don't go for this for modeling.
I have been disappointed with the last EQ pedal I owned witch was a Boss GE7, it was very honkey and colored my tone to much, this pedal is much more musical the layout of the essential frequency's is great, plus they are lighted and very ez to see. and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last for ever
I have had several MXR pedals through the years ... I have always found their quality to be very good for the price ... in fact, some of their pedals exceed the competitors' products for less than half the price ... (to each his own and certainly there are higher levels of quality out there but just because it is priced more doesn't mean it is that much better)If you need a little tone sweetener, this pedal can deliver ... with flatter EQ's it is fairly noiseless ... but as with all EQ's, if you boost certain frequencies pretty high, you will get some noise ...Simple to use and I particularly like the lighted LEDs for each band ... this feature makes this unit a good choice for the stage ...As with all MXR pedals, it is built solid and road-rugged ...For the price, this is a nice pedal, simple to use and built to last
Highest quality guitar I've ever seen in this price range. It looks, feels, and sounds amazing!! A+ I bought two
I didn't want to spend too much $$ for a guitar that I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. There were a few at the local music store but 3 times the price. They were good quality and if this didn't work out then I would have probably gone that route. To my surprise, this guitar exceeds all my expectations for an acoustic guitar. The only downfall was that the frets were sharp on the one side of the guitar. The local shop only charged me $5 to shave them down. I replaced the strings right away. I'm completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it. Definitely worth the price you pay.
This was my first acoustic guitar, and I've received some surprised looks about its tone and play-ability -- both from from my luthier (who used to be a tech at Martin) to a couple pro players with 30-40+ years respectively under their belts. It's light, comfortable, well made, has a fast neck, and is just marvelous in every way for a beginner like myself. Wonderfully priced. I was expecting to be disappointed, but didn't want to invest in a new hobby until I was sure I'd stick with it.It's possible that I just lucked out with a good one. After a year of playing my Jasmine, I have no urge to upgrade to anything else. Will confess that I'd like a 12-string, but that's another animal.I am too new and inexperienced with acoustics to be able to really define the sonic quality of this guitar compared to more expensive models (I'm more of an electric guy), but for me in my ignorant state, it's 5 stars without hesitation.I did need to have it set up, however, and the stock strings on mine were in poor condition. Don't recall if I purchased it on Amazon. In any event, a $30-$50 trip to the luthier with new strings, and it felt like a guitar far in excess of $100. It has stayed in tune quite nicely, and I often change tunings (standard, mostly Eb, occasional full step down, Open D, G and others).No fret buzz, and I just love the feel of the neck. I do wish the body was a tad thinner as I have shoulder problems, but I'm sure a thinner body or shallow bowl would sacrifice bass and richness. Nice and light, however, and perfect for carrying on your back.By the way, I have the model with the black pickguard -- the one pictured looks similar in every other way. Quite sure it's the same model.
It is taking a chance on ordering a guitar online!I took the chance and got what most of the reviews already shared.Here's my take-PROS:- Cheap! $90 is very inexpensive for a guitar!- Well packaged for shipping- Arrived 1 day early- Fair quality. This is not a top of the line or even middle of the line guitar. It is a cheap guitar that does have some decent craftsmanship, but not stellar.- Good sound! This does have a very good sound- with new strings of course- Size: This is not a full size guitar, but larger than a 3/4. It is a "concert" size which I like!- It is a cut-away design without electronics! This combo is very rare!- Fair to good wood materials and furniture- Good design! This guitar sounds good, feels good, looks very good.- Matte finish: this comes with a matte finish, not shiny- I like thatCONS:- Strings- corroded poor quality strings- neck condition: Neck has slight bend, I needed to adjust the truss and file a few frets. There is still a slight dip and bump at the 12th fret causing fret buzz.- frets are not smoothed on ends- neck surface is not sanded well but smooth enoughI like this guitar. It's very inexpensive, needs a little work, sounds very good. I hope this information help you make an informed choice about a guitar purchase.
This guitar sounds awesome and stays in tune very well. I am now a fan of Takamine. Their is nothing bad I can say about this guitar and I would take this guitar anywhere. This is my 4th guitar I have bought and is by far my favorite guitar. I have 2 electric guitars and now 2 acoustic, this being the second acoustic. I wanted a cheap guitar I could take anywhere and not have to worry about it being scratched up, except I got the guitar and looks too nice to let get beat up. People are complaining about the guitar not having a glossy finish. It wasn't supposed to be glossy to give it a richer look. If this guitar was glossy it wouldn't be as nice sounds stupid but it is true. You have to see the guitar face to face to understand what I mean. This guitar I would recommend to anyone. I am trying to get my friends to buy one so can all have a acoustic guitar, lol. Thank You!!!!!!
As a beginner playing guitar I was looking for something mid range and this is it.  It holds tune and has not failed yet.  Since I am just starting it gets a lot of use with practice.  As I get better I will upgrade.So far the only maintenance has been to tune it and clean the strings and that is normal.
Bought a Takamine 40 years ago. It was an exceptional guitar for which I paid $125. Adjusted for inflation, that would be $800 when I bought this Jasmine.I got a superb machine for the money. Simply superb.  It's not my old Takamine, but the negative differences are slight, and there are only two of them three days into my acquaintance with this guitar.The first is that the finish is not as good. The sanding between coats was skimped, which means that the finish on the front has some texture; the sides of the guitar are also a bit rough.The second probably flows from the first.  The tone is a touch wooden; it doesn't sing as the old Taka did.Positives: the intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.For its price, this guitar is a superb introduction to playing.A very young child, or a small woman, will find this guitar a bit large and deep for true playing comfort. For everyone else, it should fit pretty comfortably.The intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.Any beginner, and more than a few cost-sensitive intermediate players, will be pleased with this guitar.
I bought this as a deployment that was shipped to afghanistan from amazon. I wasn't planning on using this as anything but a practice guitar. The way the military palletizes all of its cargo, I figured there was about a fifty percent chance it would arrive in a flattened box with wooden splinters sticking out of it, but I took the chance anyway. It arrived intact, and ready to play. The strings are a bit cheap, but the guitar itself is well made, and has a really nice rich tone. I was planning on giving it away when I left, but I am shipping it home instead, and it wioll cost me almost the price of the guitar to mail it home, but it is worth it. This one has worked out so well I am taking a chance on a 12 string, soon to arrive in Theater.
Has a good sound. Stays in tune.  Wish it came in a darker grain of wood.  A little bulky,  My arm goes to sleep sometimes after extended playing,  wish it was a little thiner.  I bought it because I wanted a cutaway and this was a decent price.
A value and a half. If you need a beater this is it. It plays great,  great fret job and solid tone. Have recommended to several students. This guitar pays better than some 3 times is value!
Love , love this guitar.Little bit modify at the bridge will make great guitar.Nicely sound it gave(up on what brand of strings you use).Price also great with budget.Worth every penny.Best recommended for starters, intermediate and pro player.Get it one you will love it.
I was thrilled when my guitar arrived and even more so after I tuned it and began to play.My guitar is absolutely beautiful. The finish is flawless. And it's got that new guitar smell...ahhhhhh.It does have a pick guard (that is not shown in the photo on any website or in any catalog) which pleases me. It would be a shame to scratch the surface while strumming with a heavier pick. I read one review on a music vendor's website where the reviewer complained about Takamine and Jasmine printed all over the pick guard. And they were right about that...but I found it very easy to remove all these words by simply peeling off this protective sticker. Dah.The strings are a little heavier than I like but I'll be changing them in a few weeks anyway.The sound and craftsmanship is anything but what you would expect from such an affordable guitar and everything you'd expect to pay more for. It has a rich, full bodied sound.I am now a diehard Takamine fan.
As title says:1) High Action2) Inadequate Loudness for pickingI compared this to the Mitchell MD100 and think the Mitchell is very good for it's price.You can compare both at guitar center.
well.. First of all, I am a beginner.. I do not know anything about guitar... I saw that some people complain about the corroded strings and buzzing frets... Mine came yesterday and I am afraid that it would have issue, so I brought it to school and let my professor checked for me.. It surprised me because mine does not have any issue at all.. The string does not corroded, but I changed mine anyway. The fret does not have any issue at all.. and the Truss rod adjustment is perfect.. The action is low and the guitar structure is perfect. When my professor starts playing it, he was surprised by the sound it produced. He thought the guitar cost $300 above!!... He also bought one this morning...haha...anyways, I buy it from amazon and the packaging is great!!...My guitar comes in a perfect condition, and I strongly recommended this guitar for anybody!!...
This was one of those "might as well get one of these too, while I'm at it" purchases when I was ordering guitar polish. It's a good cloth for polishing, no more to say about it.
I use it to clean smudges off of my guitars and to keep the fretboards clean after use. It works well without scratching the delicate surfaces.It is extremely well made and I have thrown it in the washer/dryer and it comes out clean and new looking. I keep it in my guitar case and use it often!
This sure wipes down any guitar to get finger prints and such off.  Remember, I would not use this with any kind of polish, a little pricey, but then again, aren't our toys!
I chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth.
Great cloth for keeping those pesky fingerprints and other smudges off your valuable guitars.  Soft touch, easy care - can't beat it!
Lets be honest, it must be pretty hard to mess up a cleaning cloth. It either cleans or it doesn't. This cleans/polishes all of my guitars great. Just make sure the strings are off so that this doesn't get caught on them. This is a brand I've come to trust.
I have a rose-gold plated flute, and wanted something to clean it that would not rub away the plating.  This does the job perfectly.  Wipes off fingerprints & smudges easily, and with a little water cleans up lip stuff that gets stuck on my lip plate.  Is easy on the plating and very gentle.  Washes in the washing machine on handwash with no fabric softener and line dries.  Am very pleased.
Scratch free, durable, machine washable. I use it dry to wipe down the acoustic guitar strings after each time playing and the tone lasts much, much longer. You place the cloth next to a string, then hook your little finger under and pull up so the cloth surrounds the lower surfaces, sides and top of the string, then pressing it in around the string slide up and down the full length a couple of times, then repeat on the remaining strings. I then slip it under the strings and sort of buff the fingerboard, then wipe down the surface of the guitar and tuning keys. Takes a matter of moments and works great. Then once every week or two, it just goes in with the laundry, comes out perfectly clean again.Polyester microfiber is kind of an unusual fabric. It is fully synthetic and water will bead up on the surface, but it works well for polishing. If I'm using carnuba wax, I use a 100% cotton towel to remove it, but for dry polishing wouldn't be without one for each guitar.
It helps to clean the guitar. I have an eletric acoustic guitar and it was a good choice to buy this!
This is my first attempt at buying a polishing cloth for my guitars. I tried this untreated 'MicrofiberPolish Cloth' on my Gibson ES-339 because I had heard good things about it.We'll begin with some stats: the cloth is 11-3/4" by 11-3/4" and has an 1/8" border stitched aroundthe edge. It feels very soft to the touch and it is made in Korea. There is a small warning on theback of the package that states: "Not designed for cleaning electrical devices." You can also washthis untreated polish cloth in mild soap and water, rinse it out and hang it up to dry. Now to thereview.My guitar has an Ebony hard lacquer finish, meaning very glossy and shiny. I have been playing thisguitar for about a year now and it had a lot finger smudges on the body's front and back and BACKof the neck. I was able to get most of the minor finger smudges off. When going after the moreresistant multiple smudges the polish cloth would spread it around and left most of the problem onthe finish.What I discovered about this cloth, even with increased elbow grease, is that it has it's limitations.So, if your guitar is reasonably clean and the smudges are fairly new this cloth is dynamite and takesthem right out. If the body oils have been there for awhile, probably collecting dust, then you willneed some type of cleaning liquid to help you break up the old fuzzy oils on your instrument. Pleaseuse any liquid sparingly when applying it to the surface of your instrument. Do not put a liquid directlyonto the surface of your instrument. You should put the cleaning liquid onto the cleaning cloth firstthen apply it.I decided to use Dunlop's 'Dunlop Formula 65 Guitar Polish & Cleaner' to cut and clean up the tougheroily smudges. I used another soft cotton cloth and it cleaned up very nicely. Since then I have beenable to keep the guitar polished and clean using only the 'Planet Waves Microfiber Polish Cloth'. It doesnot leave scratches or any marks when used without a liquid. I also did not have a problems with thecloth breaking down and leaving lint or pieces of cloth behind.You want to use a another cloth to clean your fretboard and not the same one you use for the finish.The fretboard gets a lot of oily dirt assigned to it through repeated play. I would be fearful that theadditional oils accumulated  on the fret board will get into the Microfiber cloth and transfer to the finishof the guitar.So like a lot of things in life there are limitations to everything. I gave this untreated microfiber cloth4 stars because it does a fine job keeping my guitar clean  and polished with minimal effort. My highexpectations, based upon the blurb, were that this cloth would clean up more ensconced oils and dirtbut it only smeared them around. It was more trouble than it was worth to use the microfiber cloth toclean up the smeared mess.Nonetheless, I like this cloth and recommend it for upkeep purposes and minor dirt or grime. I will bekeeping it in my guitar case just for this particular guitar finish and use each time I am done playing.
I tend to have sweaty fingers after playing my guitars.  Therefore, after playing, I always wipe down my strings to extend their life.  I've used other microfiber cloths, but they tend to break easy and leave "fuzzies" on the strings, which I then have to remove one by one.  This cloth is fantastic for wiping down your strings after use.  It is very well made and leaves nothing behind after use.  I liked my first one so much, that I am putting in another order.
Not very substantial. It began to tear on my guitar strings. I was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses.
At first glance this can look like a microfiber cloth.  But these one's really get the guitars shining up really nice.  They are made for glasses and stuff like that and they really polish good.
Purchased this after owning a ernie ball polish cloth that was given to me. This cloth cleans up pretty well, but what i noticed after wiping down the strings a few times is that the fibers would hook. I dunno if they weren't meant to wipe the strings with but my ernie ball cloth is A LOT more durable than this cloth. They do the job but i believe that the ernie ball cloth does it better. Like a previous reviewer, i'm a little iffy about putting this cloth in the washer.Update: Putting it in the watcher was fine and idk why but after washing it for the first time it cleans up 1000000x better than before, i like this and my ernie ball cloth :)From 3 to 5 starts!!
This is just a simple microfiber cloth that works just like it should. There's nothing else to say but to get it if you need it. The quality doesn't suck so don't worry about. Peace out.
I bought this for my son to keep his guitar clean with. He really likes it a lot. It keeps fingerprints wiped off nicely.
Sorry, but I'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. It's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. And despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. I used with Planet Waves Restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again.
I feel like this picks dirt off my guitar strings better than the Taylor cloth I also have in the case
The price is fair and it serves its purpose.  I'm pretty happy with this cloth.  I just wish it was bigger so I could have a greater surface area of the cloth to use before washing it.  I haven't had to wash it yet, but it looks like it would hold up.
I bought my first one from Amazon over a month ago - and simply fell in love with it.  It cleans/polishes wood, metal (although for strings, I use GHS' Fast Fret), eye-glasses, computer screens, etc with wonderful ability, easily replacing "casual" cleaning/polishing fluids.  I even recently bought a 2nd just because.  And yes, the first one has finally gone through the wash after a month of constant use- I knew it was time when it wasn't wiping off the smudges as quickly.  It came out with a slightly nappy texture (to be expected really), but still works as well as ever.  There is a vast amount of different "polish" cloth brands out there, but you won't go wrong with this one.
I really did not expect much from this rag. I just wanted a good quality lint-free / scratch-free cloth to clean my stringed instruments before and after each use. I was totally surprised that it actually works this good. Removes all the crap on your shiny finish without having to spend time constantly cleaning with guitar cleaner. This will probably help protect your finish over the long run too.You may wonder how you can get excited just over a cheap little cleaning rag. This thing rocks! It picks up every smudge, smear, & print and leaves nothing behind. It's an amazing little cleaning tool, and I WILL replace it if/when it ever wears out. If you are like me, and you want your instruments to look clean & grunge-free onstage, you should check out this little wonder. You can just keep it in your pocket and wipe it once between songs if you want. Doesn't get any easier. Great product!**********************A note about the mixed reviews. I REALLY wish Amazon would separate the 3 different cloths instead of lumping them into one product page. It really isn't fair to the actual good product to have it's rating artificially lowered by bad reviews for a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ITEM. It also causes confusion to potential buyers because they have to sift through every review to find the ones that apply to the actual product they want. When I go to the product page for the AMAZINGLY GOOD micro-fiber cloth and see horrible reviews about fraying and lint, it makes me sad. I have had both of the other items, and this micro-fiber cloth is NOTHING like the other 2. This item has sewn/seamed edges that will not fray. It NEVER leave lint behind and it removes fingerprints & smudges and leaves only a nice clean instrument behind. No scratches, no lint, no hint it was ever there. My guitar always looks brand new after using this cloth, and I use the thing almost every day.I got on this rant bc I came here to replace mine after giving it away to a friend who fell in love with it. I told him I would just get another. Then I came here and couldn't remember which version I bought, and the negative reviews seemed to be talking about a completely different item (leaves behind lint?? What the crap are they talking about?)...turns out they are talking about a completely different item. I looked up my purchase history and found I had bought the Micro-fiber, then I placed an order for 2 more (1 for me, 1 to give away, again).Putting a single item type on a page and having selectors for size or color is fine of course. Putting an apple and a lemon on the same page (literally) and lumping bad reviews for a horrible product in with great reviews for a wonderful product is just an error that needs to be fixed. At least now if you managed to find this lone clarifying review hidden among the dozens of other mismatched ones, you know what version to buy and which to avoid.Anyway, /End rant.
Works as advertised for polishing my guitars. I don't use any other cleaners such as Fender Polish when I use this cloth.
We've all had guitar cleaning cloths and most do a good job. When I see the word microfiber I always think of those cloths that stick to your fingers when you are using them uck.This cloth is different it does not have the same feel as most microfiber cloths and it wipes away finger prints and anything else on your guitar body like nothing I've tried before. With no cleaning solutions needed it magically shines the surface without scratching it.This would be great for Any instrument or anything else you want to polish without having to use solutions.Reasonably priced too.
Purchased this to replace a Behringer pedal because the Behringer introduced a "swishing" sound. This pedal has good choices for reverb types and is relatively noiseless. Good product and got good price here on Amazon.
I use this pedal mainly for the &#34;church&#34; setting in ambient volume swells. It has seven different reverbs you can choose from (including reverse). So it will definitely suit your needs for whatever you require reverb for. It is ruggedly built and digital, which some will like and others won't. I like it. That said, I have taken a liking to other digitech pedals as well. They sound good and are affordable.
This pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like CRAZY! You will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.I'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a LOT of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.Over all I would not recommend this product.
I've had this pedal for a number of years. It provides a wide range of reverb effects, sounds natural and has a killer stereo output. I've haven't heard a pedal that competes with spring reverb, but this pedal keeps up with any simulated reverb pedal I've heard and does an excellent job with amps that lack a spring unit. The effects can go way beyond what a spring unit can do as well. Recommended.
I love it and there are a lot of bold type enhancements to my acoustic now.... the chicken picken' is much fun and I am still experimenting. AS with all digitech pedals,  I just seem to love their ease of operation.  the gain on this pedal without feedback is incredible....
The digitech main squeeze is an okay compression pedal. Do I use it? yes. However, I would likely trade it for an MXR or DUNLOP if I had the opportunity. It doesn't sound bad per se' but does have some hiss to it. It also boosts your signal (a noticeable volume increase). While some may like this, I want my compressor to be a little more subtle and just provide some added sustain.
Compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but I cannot abide the noise ... I tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ...
I have stayed clear of using pedals for most of my playing carrier (over 40 years), but after installing a Fernandes FSK-101 Sustainer kit and getting the same results as most other guys: Too much sustain on adjacent strings which makes the whole experience a joke, I decided to go ahead and try this compressor out and am very happy with the results. I play mostly clean (jazz, blues, rock) and this unit gives me at least twice the sustain as I would normally get without any pedals.
Good and transparent compressor with low noise operation, very tough construction, although not the best it sounds good to me, it depends on the situation, the sustain is good.
In my opinion, this is the best guitar volume pedal available. It is affordable and does exactly what it's supposed to, and does it very, very well I might add. I've tried numerous volume pedals, from Morley to Line 6 to the Dunlop DVP1, and none are as fluid or feel as good as the Ernie Ball Jr.I owned the Dunlop DVP1 for several months, and while it did an okay job of cutting the volume I simply did not like the feel nor the low volume levels. It felt way too bulky under foot and went from about 0 to about 3 when barely applying volume. This is unacceptable when you're trying to clean up your distortion channel or trying to accomplish a slow volume swell. But as soon as I laid the Ernie Ball down and plugged it in I fell in love. Not only does it feel great under your foot and provide precise control, it has a complete volume sweep. Add in some delay and it will give you an organ-type swell. Absolutely perfect!I've heard some people complain about the Ernie Ball Jr being a flimsy pedal but I just don't see this. Of course, it's not a tank like the Dunlop or Morley, but it still feels very solid. It's also lighter than the others mentioned, which is a plus for traveling musicians.I would HIGHLY recommend this pedal. It is one of my favorites on my board and I couldn't imagine playing without it!
Works smoothly, built like a tank and looks good as well. I've tried other passive volume pedals that didn't work...this one works. Worth every penny.
I needed a volume pedal of a smaller stature for my pedal case and this one fits the bill...AND...it's heavy duty, accurate and has a real smooth fall off.
If you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a Guitar > Volume Pedal > Amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a POORLY engineered pedal.  It can't be "true bypass" as long as the signal travels through a potentiometer but they can use pots that are a virtual short when adjusted properly and with the pedal forward.Anyway, the difference between plugging my guitar directly into the amp and placing this pedal in the chain between the amp is immediately noticeable.  The tone becomes duller, the output drops.  I would expect that from an Asian knock-off, not from an A-list gear maker.  I might be over-stating Ernie Ball's reputation, though they make some fine guitars I gotta say, and I've used their strings for many years.If you plan to use this EB-6180 pedal with digital effects you should be fine.  This is because the digital device will take two measurements of pure resistance at either end of the rocker.  The signal processing takes place in the unit, not the pedal.  (Those units have their own tone problems but that's another review.)It does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (NOT "true bypass" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal.  I will need to try that out, but it does not excuse Ernie Ball from their responsibility.  Major FAIL on their part.2 stars is generous because EB fails to honor the simple "first do no harm" principle. It harms your tone.  How dumb is that?  The pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though I have my doubts about their "string" mechanism over time.  The rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.I have no recommendations for a volume pedal.  Because of the feel, and esthetics, I do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver.
I recommend this pedal to anyone considering a volume pedal.  It is super sturdy, transparent and I fully expect to have this for a very long time.  The tuner out is a nice feature, but the serious selling point is the quality.  Go no further for your volume pedal needs.
I have a HEAVY Epiphone EB-0 bass and this strap is a life-saver.  Nice, thick and padded and doesnt look too dorky.  The little pocket for the pick is not too practical though because the pick easily falls out and is lost.
I bought this for one of my heavier 5-strings as a replacement strap and love it.  I use that particular bass for slap and usually hang that bass higher on me that the others for good slap technique.  This strap adjusts well and the padding is in the right place and comfortable.Good Strap!
Bought one, tried it on a P-bass, loved it.  Returned to Amazon and bought an additional one for a Jazz Bass...love it.  Good product for a good price, very comfortable.  Update:  I just ordered my 3rd one of these, this time for another P-bass I picked up.  The only gripe I can think of (and it's being super picky) is as another review mentioned the strap's padding design doesn't really allow you to have your bass up in the way high position.  If you're a person who hangs your base under your chin you may have a problem with this strap, other than that, this is a killer product for a killer price.
I bought this strap to use with an acoustic bass that is rather gargantuan,- A Tacoma 4 string, after a bit of adjustment it worked great. Then I bought an ovation 12 string roundback (very roundback this is a deep dish) I needed a strap to make this bad boy sit where I was, so I grabbed this strap off the bass and gave it a shot. After adjusting it for the difference in size it worked great. Now I'm buying another strap so I will have one on either guitar.(I usually keep a strap on all my guitars if the cases will allow it, sure beats taking them off and putting them on)This strap is very comfortable on an acoustic/electric guitar, probably more so than on a bass as it is supporting less weight. Due to the width of the strap it distributes the weight over a larger area, meaning less pressure on any specific area. This makes it very comfortable.I might change all my guitar straps from 2" to 3" now that I've had a taste of comfort.If you aren't comfortable playing, than you are distracted which removes you from the creative moment. This helps keep you in the moment and in the groove and it don't cost a fortune, plus it holds a pick or two.I like my phat strap just fine.
I like the 3&#34; wide for my bass. Fits nice and made well. Seems to be secure fit (leather holders are thick).
This bass strap is really comfortable and for a great price. BTW, that's all I have to say, so don't MAKE me type more.
This strap was great I was glad to find this well made wide strap. This Bass strap spreads the weight more even and reduces the shoulder and back pain,he loves it. Just the job.
I am pleased with the strap and the low price. I bought it for a very large body &#34;F&#34; hole electric guitar.
This is a nice leather mandolin strap.  Fits fine on my cheap Rogue A type mandolin.  Amazingly, it is made in Canada, not China!  The leather is very smooth and flexible, not stiff like some cheap straps.
This is a perfect strap sized just right for mandolin.I would have given it five stars except mine arrived with a paper label glued to the back of the strap, which when peeled off left a sticky spot on the strap where it would press against the mandolin finish.
If you are looking for a 100% leather mandolin strap, consider another strap.  The outside surface of the Planet Waves strap is leather but the inside surface is some kind of man-made material glued to the thin leather part.  I will be ordering the Levys "Leather Mandolin Strap (Walnut)".
Not that many good products/accessories for ukuleles.  This one is perfect in size and price.  However, you must be creative when attaching it to the headstock.  Just give it a little thought.  Overall it's fine.
If you need it, good unobtrusive device for front or as a momentary back strap.  Leather or simulated, this was quite adequate for my purposes.  Price was right! Delivery was immediate.  Rolls up to fit in gig bag and no doubt would adequately go into the hard case.  This one is compatible with the finish on my instrument, since it comes in at least two distinct color tones.Planet Waves Mandolin Strap, Brown.  Also comes in Black. There is also an embossed model (Brown) offered at minimumly higher price.
This comes with adapters for just about any pedal you would need power for and if you look at the picture, I LOVE the way this mounts to power strip.  You can actually put several (if needed) side by side, unlike most other power adapters that take up as much as 2 spaces.  It is rated to 1700 mA but I try to keep to 1500 or less.I looked at power requirements of all my pedals and combined accordingly.
Used one of these when I forgot mine and loved it so much, I had to get my own.-- Small, takes up only one spot on a power strip or outlet-- Long cord is great!-- Enough juice to power all of my pedals simultaneouslyTotally worth the buy. Do it!
Highly recommend this adapter because it is transformerless and has high current capacity for powering numerous guitar effect pedals. It is highly reliable and introduces no hum nor noise. Also, it is designed so that it will plug into a power strip without covering adjacent receptacles. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product.
It works great for five of my lower power pedal type items, including my Line 6 wireless receivers, Shure wireless receivers, and several other pedals like my Cry Baby, etc., all at once.  However, the transmitter for my Shure wireless in-ear monitor, which requires less power than any of the other two items combined, will not run, even by itself, when powered by the 1 Spot.  Switching power supplies like this can have a mind of their own, and there is probably some little quirk in the Shure transmitter circuit that this power supply doesn't get along with.  For most of my stuff it works great, and eliminates a bunch of extra power supplies and cords.
I use this One Spot Adapter with the 5 pedal attachment. Works perfectly! I've seen reviews about this brand being noisy. I suspect this to be happening with the 8 pedal version. Too many for one simple 9 volt source to handle.I've owned it for a couple of months, used it at home 5 days a week and rehearsed at high volumes about a dozen times. Zero hum or buzz from the unit. I should also mention that I do not have any drive/distortion pedals on my board.
This is a great invention.  I have five different guitar effects pedals and a loop station all attached to this.  It really saves on batteries and extension chords.  It is well worth the money.
This is the answer to your all your power supply needs. If you own more than 1 pedal (and we all do) You need this. It powers my Wah and all my stomp boxes with 1 plug. It comes with all the different power plug options and a daisy chain for 5 pedals. It has the adapters to power pedals without a place to plug in by attaching the battery snap to the battery place on the pedal then pluging into the daisychain. It also has the pin plugs to attach to the daisychain for pedals that require that kind of plug in. and it has a 10 foot lead wire so you can reach out to your pedals or pedalboard without having to drag a heavy extension cord across the stage to trip on while your playing. you'll save enough money to pay for it in no time, not having to buy batteries. Get it, you'll love it! I
I didn't do the sound quality test but i have another one of these and it works just fine. I just tested if all the plugs work and they do. If i'll get some sound problems i will write an update but i'm confident that it's going to be ok.
I've got 5 effects hooked up to this thing. It fits beautifully and powers all of them at once. Have no problems with this. I recommend it!
High-quality cable for expanding the capability of the One-Spot or Godlyke 9V power adapter. Distance between plugs more than adequate for most pedal boards.
Running 3 to 5 pedals on my board, this was a logical choice of power. The single transformer running into the board with the multi-plug was easy to set up and the small profile of the plugs, combined with the thin cables makes for a neat and uncluttered board. There is no lin drop of power and the devices are able to draw the current needed to work at their peak. Further, with the transformer being well away from the board, there is zero AC hum. What's not to like here?
Good quality, wired correctly, can't complain.  If you use the "One Spot" power adaptor, you need to have a couple of these laying around.  It's probably not practical, but I wish they made more sizes.  In one configuration, I only need two plugs, in another configuration I need three, and yet another configuration I need five, so I actually bought a few of the fives, and cut them off to the length I need.
This helped me a lot building my pedal board, actually think its kinda overpriced, but its really really good.I have 2 of these actually.I recommend this product.
What can I say? It does what it should.  5 pedals on a chain runs safely without crazy hiss and hum on my rig. Of course, if you're running a chain of drive/distortion pedals, you're asking for it.Works great for me. Zero complaints.
Works like a charm. Powers up to five 9V effects, using one power supply. I am using four plugs and it has worked flawlessly. No more dead 9V batteries. Some effects eat 9V batteries like a 6 year old with a cone of cotton candy.
I bought an extension for it, and so this plug has allowed me to stop using eight batteries. Hard not to like that.
I only have two pedals, but that was one outlet spot too many, and it really makes a difference when you're onstage with only one power strip.  Now I just wish I had an attachment that would let me charge my laptop and iPhone from the same plug as the pedals.  Can't always get what you want.
I bought this because I had already bought a "1 spot" plug but as i gained pedals, I needed something to power them without buying more adapters and this is greatest way to solve that problem. Highly recommended.
One Spots come with an 8-pedal multi plug. If you only have 4 pedals, or lets say you have 12, powering them with an 8 plug makes it difficult to isolate power and noise levels properly. The left over connectors can cause ground issues if they touch things when they aren't plugged into pedals. Using this smaller multi plug will leave less open spaces, alternatively it can be attached to any link in another multiplug to add more plugs. Very nice quality, just as with all one spot stuff. Great price, great purchase.
Completely quite. Connected with no problem. I own two.
Works. Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. Nothing else to say. Thanks.
It's a well build daisy chain DC power cable. It has good lenght between two plugs. You won't have difficulties to plug your pedals.
This Multi-plug works great and has enough plugs for 5 pedals. I only needed it for two pedals which are not in a case, so there is some extra plugs hanging on the floor but is better than setting up another wall wart each pedal. If needed in the future I have these extra plugs. I recommend this Multi-Plug to everyone!
great little cable.  now i power all my pedals with one power supply.  makes setting up for gigs much easier
I love these straps.  I have them installed on all of my guitars.  After a Dunlop lock failure, I decided to change over.  Our band's drummer and guitarist both used and recommened these straps so I gave them a chance.  They are amazing, much more comfortable then one of those bulky, heavy leather straps and just as strong.  I was worried that the plastic clips wouldn't hold up, but they do.  I feel 100% secure that my guitar will not fall.  They look good as well and they are easily adjustable.  My transmitter pack slid on with ease and I was ready to go.  A lot of bands I have seen on the road use these straps.I didn't rate these straps 5 stars however, because of a few reasons:1- I play heavy guitars, I was concerned about the screws that came with the straps.  For a standard, lightweight guitar they may be fine, but for say a Gibson, or my Agile Intrepid Pro, I wanted more security.  I took a slighty wider and longer screw than provided, covered it and filled the install hole with epoxy, and drilled it in.  It holds incredible, its NOT coming out now for sure.2- I use the black, white, and blue colors.  They discolor very easily.  Through sweat, dirt, and cigarette smoke, they eventually start to look nasty.  I would suggest going with the black for this reason.3- I put my confidence in these straps 100%, but I wouldn't start doing guitar swings with them.  Its just a plastic clip, and anything can fail.  I've seen guys electrical/duct tape the clips for extra support and they've all been able to get away with swinging their guitars around, but personally I choose to play it safe (as I lost my best guitar to a failed straplock during a spin).All DiMarzio products are incredible. If you want something light and comfy that looks sleek and will keep your guitar protected, I highly suggest these straps.
Works better than straplocks as it doesnt fail like regular straplocks. I'd use it for lightweight guitars. Using this on a les paul will kill your shoulder. I always suggest this strap to "kids" who spin their guitars while on stage. This strap is the industry standard that will save your guitar from damage
Well made product, strong and looks good. I love this strap, try one, you wont be dissapointed. Like always, Dimarzio products, are simply the best.
The Product Itself Is Good, Shined My Guitar Up Nicely, The Cloth I Received Was A Black Microfiber Cloth With The Ernie Ball Logo, I Must Say That The Cloth Is Very Nice, It's Soft And Lint Free, So The Cloth Alone Was Worth Purchasing This Polish, After The Polish Is Gone I Will Probably Try Another Product, I Need Something That Will Conceal The Fine Scratches On My Guitar Finish, Probably Like A Guitar Wax, But All In All This Product Seems Good For Wiping Down The Guitar After Playing, Keeps The Instrument Nice And Shiny. It Removes Smudges And Fingerprints Quite Nicely, Not A Bad Product, It Arrived Within A Couple Of Days, I Am Satisfied With This Purchase
I recently bought this (May 2011) to use on both my acoustic and electric and it works fine.PROS:  Non-oily, water-like consistency; leaves no residue behind;  slight non-chemical odor that doesn't linger on your guitar; removes smudges, fingerprints, etc. and leaves a nice shine; comes with a large lint- and dust-free, fast-drying cloth (black); less expensive than most other guitar polishes.CONS:  The pump sprays in a very wide area, so be careful to avoid spraying strings, pickups, etc.The polish in the bottle works well and the lint-free cloth works well too.  I can't see spending more for Gibson or Dunlop polish kits when this work just fine.
I have limited experience with these types of product, but it does get finger grime off quite well, and does not leave streaks like another guitar-brand name product I also have.
The cleaner works as it should and the price is fair but what really did it for me is the cloth. Just feels right for the job..
Nice cables.  So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet.  Also have the Monster audio cables that work just as well, but cost more!  I'll have to see over time which brand out lasts the other.
this cable is perfect! great sound quality and durability. I will not buy any other cable except planet waves! best bang for the buck for any working musician hands down, yes there are cheaper cables ,,but they don't sound as good or last as long, Planet Waves is the way to go
I bought this to replace a cord I was using to practice my guitar. My first cheap cord wasn't actually broken, but I didn't want any down time, so I had this just sitting there as a replacement. Fast forward some time, and I just wanted to try it out. Even though my cheap cord was still working fine, I really wanted to just try out the new cord.I really wish I had done that in the first 30 days. This cord did not work right at all. It seems like there is a short in it somewhere. I had to unplug/plug/ maneuver into place. Of course since it is for guitar, it falls almost immediately out of place again. So, I am back to the cheap cord that hasn't failed, unlike this brand new bad cable.
Probably the best single thing this cable has going for it is the Lifetime Warranty.I have owned Planet Waves cables in the past and twice I have sent them back for replacement...no problems whatsoever.For the price you are paying (about $1 dollar per foot) you get good quality cable, good cores and shielding with heavy duty retention at the jack connector ends.Not the best, but not the worst. Good enough for live stage gigging and probably won't notice much difference if you are recording.I haven't noticed any RF hum or noise when moving about with these cables.They also come with a set of colored bands so you can easily identify which cable goes to where, cable owner, etc.Affordable price and lifetime warranty make this a "feel good" purchase.I would recommend these cables and will buy again.
You can't beat these beefy thick cords for the price however some do have a flaw, On some pedals and guitars they pop out cause the length of the metal shaft is too short so it doesn't click into the jack. measured the length and they are short by about 1mm or so.I go a razor blade and carefully trimmed some of the rubber insulation and that took care of the problem. Minor but annoying detail when the cord pops out of your guitar!
Super low capacitance- on par with or better than many of the more expensive cables from Mogami, Canare, etc. The connectors are fantastic and they come with Planet Waves' super-handy elastic cord wrap. These are outstanding guitar cables at a VERY good price. I used to only buy cables with serviceable connectors, but with these, I don't see the point. The lifetime exchange warranty also makes the DIY repair thing kind of pointless too (of course Amazon's return policy is still 30 days, so be aware of that- you'd need to mail it back to the MFR or take it to another dealer to exchange - that is if you ever had to).
been using these cables for three months now. I use them with aZoom G1N Guitar Multi Effects Pedaland they sound great. decided to get this one over the cheaper ones because after doing a little online research I found out that these are suppuosed to take abuse and hold their own better over time. they have a good lenght, of course this being taken in consideration what type of venues you'll be playing. so far I've only used them in rehearsal studios but will be using them live for the first time in a couple of halloween gig I've got coming up the end of the month.
These cables are very high quality, they feel hefty and durable.  I wish I'd gotten one longer than 5 feet though since I can only play close to my amp with two five footers.  Oh, well.
I actually wasn't aware of this gauge of string until I purchased a guitar from the great George Lynch. The strings felt different than the 9s I use on my Fenders and the 10s I use on my Gibsons. So the next time I saw George, I asked him what strings he put on that guitar and he told me D'Addario 9.5s. I love them on my Mr Scary Guitars Burnt Tiger and that is the only brand/gauge of string that I will ever put on that guitar! I definitely recommend trying out a set.
These strings are best suited for Strats if you want to keep those easy to bend leads but have a little bit more tone. They're also quite good on Les Paul style guitars if you like slinky strings. My issue with them is that the B string and the A string are a bit unbalanced with respect to the others. I would prefer if the B string were 0.012 instead of 0.0115 and if the A were 0.032 instead of 0.034. As such, I prefer to buy the strings individually and customize my own set that way. But if you're not too picky, this will suit you very well.
I bought these D'Addario strings after going back and forth between 9s and 10s and have really come to like these sizes.  They keep a nice, slinky feel and keep a lot of tone through many hours of playing.  I'm really happy with this D'Addario purchase!
My go-to string brand for any stringed instrument. Punchy round-wound tone, but very responsive to the tone controls for a more muted sound where required.
These are super strings. They will last and last and last, and give you great sound. Easy to put on and tune.
a solid favorite around my house. fat and deep, snappy when needed. you can definitly pay more, and you may want a more specific tone, but these are a safe bet that always sound good
...strings I use D'Addario strings on my acoustic and electric guitars as well they are great.  They have a really nice sound and don't cost an arm and a leg...
So these are  pretty great strings. Not much to say. The price is really good. About ten dollars a set which is really good.
I use these strings on most of my acoustic guitars, except for the smaller Takamine New Yorker and A&L; Ami (I use the D'Addario custom lights).  I have grown a fondness for the Phosphor Bronze strings because of the perfect balance between the warm full sound with strumming and bright tones when picking.  ALso, the brightness is retained longer than other bronze and brass alloys I've tried, such as Martins and Elixirs.  These strings are quite durable and long-lasting.  In the 10 years I've been playing, I've never had these strings break on me (I've broken Martin and Elixir strings in the past).  The color-coded end balls help with the restringing.  I typically get the three-pack so I can restring a trio set of my herd at a time.  I really can't complain about anything.The individual gauges are: .012, .016, .024w, .032w, .042w, .053wHighly recommended.
I was an Ernie Ball guy for a long time. But I was getting pissed because the Ernies kept corroding so quickly. So I tried these, and they seem to hold up better. There are coated strings that will last longer, but I don't like spending so much on strings. And of course, they sound excellent too. Stock up!!
My guitar originally came with D'Addrio exp and they sounded good. I replaced them with Elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. This time I got a 3 pack of EJ16-3d light. The were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.But the sound is the problem. It's terrible. They sound very muddy. Crisp tone distinction is just not there. I thought light would be the better route, but now I'm not sure. I purchased some others to try. Also, since a purchased a 3 pack. I may just change the strings completely again to see If I just have some dead strings.
These were the same strings originally strung on my Godin Seagull, and I absolutely love their sound, feel, and durability. The one reason I actually needed them because my G string broke while I was tuning too fast. The sound is almost identical to what D'Addario describes, these strings have a great, uplifting sound to them, hard to soft strums. Playing feels great with them, nothing out of the ordinary either strumming or the fretboard feel, clean and smooth. When replacing, I ran into no problems, quick and easy. I love the strings and their price, definitely will stick with this brand as well.
These strings from D'Addario are a personal favorite of mine. I love the EJ16 light gauge for their size and ease of use. I think the light gauge is a nice size that won't hurt your fingers, or put undue stress on your guitar. Not only that, but they sound great. Not too big or not too small! I have plenty of volume and drive for bluegrass. I love how they color code their strings on the "ball ends". To me this makes it much easier when changing strings. You don't have to worry about mixing up your strings. I've also had no problem with the fit; unlike some brands. Give these a try. I think you'll be satisfied.
These are the only strings I use on my acoustic/electric. Love the sealed bags to keep the air tight seal. Prefer the Extra lights.
I brought this set beasue one of the strings broke on the kid size guitar, and I also wanted to have backup strings.  I haven't tried many different strings.  I have used the strings (D'addario EXP) that came with on my Takamine GS330S, and it's been good for year+. IIf the strings break, I will try this one GS330S as well.  Over all, I think D'addario is great for warm balance tones. After the strings were set and "stretch" for few days playing, it stays in tune.  The strings were set for more than 6 months, they still are playable, and the sounds are okay on kid size guitar.  I don't think there will be any problem if the strings are on my GS330S.  I'm happy with the purchase and the quality of the strings.
These sound great and last a long time for me.  Plus, they're reasonably priced.  Put 'em in your case and don't be unprepared.  I like squirrels.
Great guitar string at a reasonable price. I highly recommend these acoustic strings, they are also available in light or heavy guageif you prefer. I like the EJ 17 medium string for my rhythm acoustic guitar.
.... I'm going back to what works best for me, Martin SP custom light. While the packaging (sealed) for each set is a good thing and also the individual color coding of each string, I do prefer Martins',
It is fine strings,i couldn't really find difference between martin m140maybe its just me, i expected more than that!its just regular strings
I wasn't expecting much for the price but have to admit I'm very pleased with the tone these strings produce straight out of the package. After several hours of play and 2 tunings, they're spot on and sound sweet as cream butter. Great product and very highly recommend
i have tried the other brands of strings, and this is the other brand i consistently buy! its smooth to use and the sound is superb!
Well made. Enjoyable to play. Stay in tune well. The sound is clear and warm on my Yamaha and my Martin. Right now I am experimenting with different strings so I cant say if they are better than others. I personally like the sound better than the Martin ESs I have tried but that is a personal choice. Let your guitar be the judge.
I can now say I have used several others - coated Martins, flat wounds, smooth wounds, EXP, Elixir, etc. These are pretty cheap and sound like a million bucks. Their tone is slightly bright but not as &#34;harpsichord&#34; as the EXP. I am done experimenting. These are the strings for Takamine guitars.
I thought it was a good deal when I saw the original price, the discount stated it was $8 off. Instead it was only $2 cheaper than buying at my local music store. Other than the price, the strings work great on my guitar. Sounds amazing. I'll definitely be buying more of these.
I prefer the light strings but you have to allow them to stretch a little or you might break on when changing. The lighter the less tension you should use. I love the price and they last me quite a while.
This gauge is perfect for my 1970 Gibson J-50. The phospher-bronze alloy wrap brings out hidden tonal "snap" in this old, rather heavily-braced guitar. The may be too bright for a lighter instrument, but they really shine on my old guitar.
Low end made in China dreadnaught acoustic - Bristol - actually sounds somewhat fantastic in terms of low end resonance and sparkling high end.Here's what I've found. The way you string the guitar makes a difference. With practice I've become more proficient.Curve the ball ends for better seating under the bridge plate. Not just a simple bend but kind of bend them over my thumb so they can sort of catch before inserting the bridge pin. Then check with a mirror and flashlight to confirm.I use a locking pattern on the tuning pegs and keep the string quite tight so it loops tightly around the peg.Then I use a microfiber cloth and wipe down each string after each time playing, - use my little finger to hook the cloth under each string and wipe down each length.Try to practice for about an hour daily. The tone as I say is pretty darn good. Played a high end adirondack, rosewood, name brand and was disappointed that it didn't sound that much better to me.
Got the 3 pack and oh what a great difference on me, my guitar, and my sound.I'm a 62 YO newby to guitar!! This proves that easy helps. I have a big baby Taylor and when i needed new strings I went to the wrong place, got Martins installed -- wow did they make a (bad)diference to me.  Sounded like a 1950s monoral record and were really very uncomfortable to play. My friend said that he uses D'Addario and that they make ALL the difference in the world!! Tried them and he was right.  I changed my own (on the big Baby) and the color coding made it really simple to put the right string in the right position (instead of switching the E and B string like the dealer did!) MY Taylor recommends Elixr, but the D'Addarios seem to play with a nicer tone on the Taylor and just as important are easier on the fingers!!
These really sound great on my acoustic flat top guitars. D'Addario's are the best and I love the ball end color coding. No guessing or searching for the vernier caliper to make sure the right string is on the right tuner.This coding system is consistent thru all their string sets. Can't beat this.
have to reorder soon  great strings for the money. I play guitar with a cou[ple of my buddies and they love them too  sound quaility is great
I tried these strings on my Zager guitar.  the are certainly ok and play fine.  they are nothing far and above the original strings provided thru Zager.  just a little cheaper in cost perhaps.  maybe they will last longer.  I had some problem with my original strings as the high strings started to rust in the case due to the humidity I put in there for the guitar wood (I live in hot and very dry Arizona).  these have not rusted, so far.
D'Addario Strings Are Simply The Best!The brightest tone, normal lifespan, fair prices,, and louder than the rest!I have played guitar professionally for over 27 years.These strings are the best all around for tone, clarity, punch and volume.Don't be fooled by strings that may last longer or have coating on them just to sacrifice clear tone.One a side note. I hate their new packaging.They used to wrap them individually in paper sleeves. Then about a decade ago they started winding them individually, but placed them loosely inside a plastic sealed pouch. NOW, they wind up two at a time, and place them inside a plastic pouch. Arrgh!Same great strings and tone, but now you have to unwind them from their &#34;pairs&#34; and lay them out two-at-a-time...kind of aggravating, but NO FRIGGIN' WAY WOULD I EVER USE ANOTHER STRING! - lol!I compared these (and other D'Addario's) to other manufacturers...they were much louder and cleaner.Don't be an idiot. Buy the best all around string and improve your tone immediately.
these strings are great with my acoustics-however, lately i've been using electric strings instead. they work well, sound great, and i believe they really compliment my playing.
far as i can tell, good strings. They do the job and they feel great. Not much to say...I got exactly what I expected.
Good strings for the price, nice ring to them.  So far they seem to last and were a bit louder than my last strings although they were flat round and did expect them to be very loud.
These are the best strings I've ever put on my guitar, I play a really nice Morgan Monroe Creekside and these strings give it the fullness it deserves. The bright highs, the rich mids, and they bend like crazy when I need them too
I have used all kinds of strings. These are what I use on a regular basis. They work, they sound great, and their longevity is impressive. Most of all, they are cheap.
Excellent strings. Beautiful solid tone and no buzzing.
This is my favorite string to use on all my acoustic instruments.  The strings last a long time, in my opinion.  They keep their bright look and sound, even when my friend with acid for sweat borrows my guitar.I have always liked D'Addario's packaging.  Instead of each string coming in an individual envelope marked with the gauge, D'Addario color codes the ball end of the string -- so the G is green, the low E is brass (I think - I'm doing this from memory), the high E is silver, and so on. I really like that -- there isn't an explosion of paper at a gig when I have to change a string quickly. It's a learning curve -- once you know the system it's great, but the first few times, it's a bit of a hassle to reference the package to find which color string goes where.D'Addario is my favorite string, hands down, after almost 40 years of playing.
I decided to try these mainly due to the fact that I live near the ocean, and thought thermocouple up better. I restrung an electric acoustic with these and it sounds great with or without the amp. I will definitely recommend these.
I've been playing for 40+ years.  I've seen dozens of guitars come and go until I found my 1948 Gibson J-45 and I've tried dozens of types of strings.  Some guitars sound best with Phosphor Bronze.  Some sound best with 80/20s.  I still have an all Koa Martin guitar that is *so* bright that it sounds best with the normally tone-killing Elixir Polywebs. Got a guitar-banjo? Try silk-and-steel or silk-and-phosphor. Trust me.  I've been through my John Pearse phase. Pyramids?  Yep. Tried 'em.  I really liked LaBellas.  The problem was that back when I was using them, they would tarnish in the packaging.  I don't know if that's still the case.Anyway, the bottom line is that D'Addario phosphor bronze are my go to string.  They set the baseline for every guitar I've ever owned.  (Note: That's baseline. In some cases, I've decided something else sounded better.)  For many guitars, including my J-45, there's nothing I've found that I've liked better.Also worth noting:  The string that sounds best depends not only on the particular guitar, but also on the type of pick one uses, the type of music one plays, and the way one approaches the instrument.  The string that's best for bluegrass with a hard attack may not be what's best for delicate finger style.Bottom line: Don't follow leaders.  Watch the parkin' meters.  Experiment.  But, D'Addario PBs are a great place to start.
I've used these strings for longer than I'd care to admit.  String sound is a personal thing.  These work better for me than any others I've tried.  To my ear they have a balanced timbre across the sound spectrum. The five star rating is a reflection of my personal taste. Others may prefer a different sound.
I put these strings on every acoustic I own.  They sound great and are priced right!  You can't go wrong with D'Addario strings!
Great strings, fully recommended. I have been playing guitar for about 30 years, I only use D'Addarios & Dean Markleys. Good sound, long lasting.
If you're a musician, there are those things that you gotta have on a regular basis and for guitar, strings are one of those things. I give these 4 stars rather than 5 just because I know there are better strings out there. However, these ones are great. I like the sound they provide and the price is nice.
These strings are both smooth sounding and easy on the fingers.  My acoustic guitars seem to like them too, all except my 12-string. I have not switched form Martin strings on that guitar.
Not onlh are these good for the price, but they have become my new fave.  I switch acoustic strings 3-4 times a month on my 2 main guitars.  I gig 1-2 times a month.  These last long, without compromising the tone.  Great price too!  I tried every brand until I got to these.  Not sure why I did not try them earlier :(.  Probably because I was drinking the Elixir Koolaide.
Extra Light gives good action for my small guitar. Not so hard on the fingers. Tone is not bad but not same as 11 or 12 gauge.
This brand has never disappointed me, regardless of the diameter of the strings. To me they just sound complete. Even the light strings don't sound tinny, which amazed me compared to other big names. They complement my Washburns very well. Though they are not top of the line models, I often get compliments like &#34;you're guitars must be expensive judging from the sound alone&#34;. But it's been a trial & error for me. I found that my Washburns sound better with this brand at least as far as my own ears are concerned.
good strings
i love these strings.  i had limited experience selecting strings for my acoustic but as soon as i tried these, i really enjoyed them.  after reading reviews realized i actually made a good purchase.  no desire to test other strings.  especially after this bundle/value.
DAddario's are my go to strings for my Washburn and Ibanez acoustics.  They sustain well, great tone, tune well, and last for a good while between changes.
I gave these strings a try, but I don't care for them that much. I have always used SP;s or Elixir's, and I don't think that will change after trying these.
I bought these primarily because they are so cheap. The quality is good I would say - not great, but not terrible either. They sound great for a few weeks but then become very dull. They don't last nearly as long as Elixirs, but then again, they are a lot cheaper than Elixirs. I would recommend these for practice - no gigging with these as the sound isn't quite as crisp as I would think a performer would want. For the price though, it's hard to knock on them too much.
The small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning.  I haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.Luckily I bought the three pack.But I can't recommend this product.
I really like these strings. Good sound and the feel is good. Not sure there is much difference in tension of lighter strings, however. I only bought one set, not three sets and have not had to change them yet after three months.
Anyone who plays a lot know that strings are very much a personal thing.  The tonal qualities, weight, feel, materials and all other qualities / variables combine to make strings your very own personal favorite.  For me these strings bring it all together and are my string of choice for all 12 acoustic electrics I use to play what I consider rock ballads using my strumming-style of play.I love the feel and tone of these strings for my style of play and my equipment set-up.  I do have some issues with these strings, but overall, I'm willing to put up with the issues for the overall performance I get from the EJ26 strings.  The issues include what I think may be premature breakage.  I do not play &#34;hard&#34;, I play long (playing several hours daily), but I play rock ballads using a somewhat softer strumming style.  (I definitely do not &#34;pound&#34; on the strings - I like to think of it as fairly &#34;gentle&#34; strumming.)  Yet, I seem to manage to break the high E & B strings on a regular basis (by playing, not by over tuning).  Some of this can be expected, but what bothers me is the frequency with which I'm breaking G strings.  I simply don't think these wound G's should be breaking at all with my style of playing.  I've noticed that the current &#34;most helpful critical review&#34; mentions this same problem.  I change strings frequently so I don't think this is the reason they are breaking.Overall, I am willing to put-up with what I believe to be some premature breakage (especially with the G string), for the other qualities that draw me to the EJ26 strings.  They sound great for my style of play, equipment, and set-up.  They feel great.  I love 'em and will continue to buy quantities of them for my 12 acoustic electrics.  I just wish I had a better feeling about the premature breakage.
My favorite string from back in the '60s when I had my own guitar shop. Great strings and the best packaging.
I agree with all the other 5 star reviews, the quality of these strings is excellent.They last with great tone for a reasonable time, and don't break.I just have a helpful hint for those people with little experience in re-stringing an acoustic guitar that has removable bridge pins. Put a crimp or bend in each string about 3/4 of an inch or so from the ball at the end, about 45 degrees from the straight portion of the string, fairly sharp. Just beyond or just on the wound portion that holds the ball on. Then push the ball into the hole and make sure the crimped portion of the string is slid up against the wall of the hole closest to the neck of the guitar, out of the way of the pin. Then slide in the pin and make sure the ball is not resting on the bottom of the pin! The pin should fit tightly into the hole, and the crimp you made in the string keeps the ball on the side of the pin, not below it. Each pin has a groove in it where the string passes into the hole on the side of the pin. After pushing in the pin, you can pull on the string in the direction of the nut, and the ball should be pressing the pin sideways in the hole, keeping it tight. It may be under or on the side of the bridge inside the guitar, but I can't see in there to verify this is so, but I know that the ball is pressing sideways on the pin! Not upward.Hope this helps some novices, I had to learn it this way myself.
I have multiple guitars, for different styles.  I use these strings on my Ovation Legend, for acoustic leads.  Good tone, good sustain, and they stay in tune.  I play 2 gigs a week on average, and practice everyday.  These strings get a workout, and I change strings when I start to lose sustain.  That's why I buy the 10 packs, so I always have spare sets on hand.
I have restored an old REX Commander.  Yeah, I know;  never heard of it.  Beautiful old archtop acoustic with real mother of pearl rectangular inlays on the neck.  Frets filed nearly flat after over a half century of playing.  But the resonance of the D'Addario's really bring this old guitar to life with a thick juicy vibrance on the bass side, and bell like clarity on the treble side.  Not to mention how great they look.  The snap and sparkle of the responsiveness of these stings amazes me.  Terrific strings for the price of cheapies.
I needed to replace the strings on my acoustic, and chose these D'Addario's based on price and the favorable reviews given them by other users. I'm glad I chose them, as they play easily and have a nice sound. The lighter gauge allows for rapid yet sure fingering, and makes 'bending' notes for a blues effect a cinch. In fact, I occasionally have to remind myself there's no longer any need to press down nearly as hard as I previously had to when playing the heavier-gauge strings my guitar came with. In short, these strings make playing so much more enjoyable, I wish I'd gotten them from the start. But then, without the comparison of playing with the old strings, I might not appreciate playing with these half as much as I do now.
Not much to say here. Strings are a very personal thing to a guitar player. You need to try different gauges and brands till you find the ones that work best for you and your style. These are the string of choice for my acoustic and have been for many many years. I replace my strings about once a month with casual play and proper maintenance so why run to the store or pay for shipping 10 times a year. The strings are great, priced great and was on sale which made it even better. There is less waste with the packaging which help the planet just a bit so that's good too.
D'Addario,what's up? These didn't last long at all.I don't play my Martin very often,(too busy with electrics..) but these were trashed in a month.Guess your using recycled car bumpers for strings now? Never purchase again.
it's tri pack with great quality strings on good deal! i purchased 2 of this set and it works great. it sounds balanced (warm and bright). i prefer change strings often so i can't afford to do that with expensive set of strings. this one is affordable and make my guitar sound good! anyone needs string go for it!
I have been using these strings for years and have been happy with them but the last couple of sets have lost the tone completely on strings 4,5,6 within 3 days of installing.  I play professionally and have a lot of experience installing strings, nothing wrong on the guitar.  Hopefully the next set will be better
I usually play classical (nylon string) guitar, but have an Ovation deep-bowl acoustic electric as well and after the original strings wore out, I never have found strings that I really liked (don't ask me why I never thought about contacting Ovation and asking them what they use from the factory.  One of those duh things I didn't even think of until just now).Based on reviews and questions answered here on Amazon, I purchased this triple-set of strings.  Instant gratification.  First, they tuned up quickly and retained their tune on a relatively respectable basis (no new string holds tune perfectly for the first couple of days, but these retained tune fairly well).  The sound is excellent, the playability comfy.  The tone of my Ovation was back.Here are my itemized observations:* First, three sets for $13 (currently).  Cannot beat the value for price.* BRILLIANCE.  What many people call &#34;bright&#34;, brilliance is the opposite of &#34;dull&#34;.  Some strings sound dull right out of the package.  These strings are brilliant, bringing out the full tone and maximum volume from the guitar.* TONE.  The natural tone of the guitar is allowed to shine through, no hint of &#34;tinniness&#34;, &#34;plunk&#34; or &#34;twang&#34;.* MELLOW.  Mellow is difficult to define, but the best definition I've heard is, &#34;Ah, that sounds nice.&#34;  Mellow is a string settling into a guitar and becoming part of the guitar.  It's a pleasantness that doesn't grate on your ears when you pluck a string.  These strings are medium-mellow, just enough to allow one to enjoy the sound without falling asleep.  : )* BALANCE.  At first the E overtoned the b and e.  But as the strings settled that became less pronounced and the strings balanced right out.  The trebles became clearly audible while the E and A provided just the right touch of bass.* COMFORT.  The 12-53mm diameter of these strings is comfortable to the fingers.  Thicker strings are often more difficult to play and can even damage some guitars.  Lighter gauge tends to cut into the fingers unless the guitar has excellent action.  These strings are just right-- especially the 53mm E, which provides the proper amount of bass without overkill or difficulty in strumming.SUMMARY:  These are excellent strings, which doesn't surprise me since I've use D'Addario classical guitar strings for years.  Martin and GHS are both good strings, but somehow D'Addario just shines.Thanks to Amazon enthusiasts who helped me decide to give these a try.  Highly recommended.
I have used D'Addario EJ-16 PB lights for years. I find them hard to beat for quality and sound and will continue to use them on all my guitars.
These are great strings. Nice bright tone. The three pack was the best deal when I ordered them. Get some!
I started experimenting on strings, I'll try using bronze strings. I noticed when I was using the phosphor bronze, after a while it started to sound dull. When I switched to bronze it sounded better and lasted longer. I decided I would use bronze strings for my acoustic guitar for most of the time. I would recommend others to try it!
Tried D'Adario EJ36 Extra Light 12-string set on my Eko Ranger XII 12-string acoustic, and the EJ11 Light 6-string set on my Takamine.  No trouble stringing or tuning either set.  With the 0.012-0.53 Light weight strings I tuned a full note lower than normal to ease string tension, and they still sound fine.  Good acoustic, but a rather strong metalic, sound with a nice "ring", and notably more metalic than the EJ15 Phosphor Bronze strings.  Sound does deaden over time, as expected, but I especially noticed deadening on the high E and B non-wound strings, losing some of their "ring".  (Tried Elixir's for better longevity, but they did not sound as good to me as these D'Adario's.)
I bought these strings to replace the strings on my Hofner acoustic. The gauge is pretty good for a deeper tone. I might try a lighter set next time, but these have a good clear tone from low to high, and are fairly comfortable.
These and Reds are my favorite acoustic strings. These are a little brighter than Reds and are best for live playing. The strings are well made and I've never had an issue with quality.
Have been using these for years on my acoustic guitar ... like them and never an issue ...nice bright tone & and last a.good long while.
First time I ordered these was in a larger order, and Amazon forgot to put them in the box. Oops! I contacted their customer support people and they overnighted me a replacement set of strings at no extra charge. Thank you, Amazon!I like the tone of D'Addario's 80/20 bronze strings. I've been playing more bluegrass-y guitar lately, so I've switched to mostly using phosphor bronze, but these strings have a great warmth that I really enjoy. I also notice that electronic tuners have a much easier time picking up the notes from the 80/20 strings.Amazon has the best price on these, and they're inexpensive enough that I can afford to change strings whenever I feel like it. I like their tone, and they react well with my skin chemistry so they last a long time.
Sound can be subjective and strings are a matter of debate that can go on forever.  Usually I wouldn't notice a significant difference between brands (except for any coated string that all sound like crap to my ears) but when I put D'addarios on my 000 I just couldn't believe the improvement over the Martins.  It took dozens of string changes and gage experiments but now its clear.  These consistently sound the most balanced and responsive... With the crisp clear highs that my guitar lacks when strung with anything else.I'm glad the search is over for awhile and I have a solid sweet baseline to experiment from here!
I love these strings...they sound awesome on my acoustic. However, they do not last long, but that is the price you pay for a good sound. Not strings recommended for beginners, due to the bigger gauge.
I bought a case of these.  I can't handle #12 strings and the sound of #10 is terrible.  I prefer #12 strings for finger picking but they hurt my hands.  not the fingers but the hand and wrists, so .011 strings are what I use.  I am not sure if they get dirty and get corrosion but they are my main strings and I love the low price too!!
I have many so-called travel size acoustic guitars and have changed out all of the over sized strings that were installed on them (typically 12-54's) with these 10-47's (or 11-52's for beefy 7/8 and 3/4 scale guitars) in all cases, has brought the smaller guitars from duds to nice playing instruments.Three radical samples come to mind: On an old 1931 Gibson L1, the 12-54's pulled the bridge out.On an SX Traveler, you could not hear the Low E until I got rid of the 12-54's.On my Lil Martin, the lower bout started to delam under the pressure of the bridge pull.Short scale acoustic guitars are someplace between a full size acoustic and a Ukulele and in most cases are not set up for heavier gauge strings (even though the manufacturers insist on delivering them this way) due to their short scales, small frets, and light construction.If you can't hear the low E, or you are having problems fretting your strings, try these, what can it hurt?
First of all, let me say, from some of the pictures I have seen posted of this Pop Filter, when put on a Yeti mic stand, the clamp will fit on the stand as pictured. This is a design flaw, not with the Pop Filter, but with the Yeti stand, as this filter has been around long before the Yeti came out. Blue, or a clever do it yourself person, could easily fix it, by drilling more holes into the side of the clamp mount. Then you could move it forward and simply screw the side mic mount screws into the stand. There are many great pictures of other clever fixes, as well.  Since I have mine hanging upside down, on a boom stand attached to a Blue Radius Shock mount, this is not an issue for me, but I will say it is a problem Blue should fix. (I have written an addendum on the bottom, for a great fix.) Other brands of filters will give the same, if not more problems. I am not going to knock any stars off, because I'm reviewing the filter itself, which is superb and how it works for me.Now for the meat. This is a studio grade, high quality product, all metal, except for the two tightening knobs. The dual screen design eliminates any plosives, P's and B's for example, better than any screen I have used so far. This is especially true when, the screen distance is about an inch from the Yeti capsule screen, and you are 4 to 6 inches away from the unit itself, which I have found to be the Yeti's sweet spot in the Cardioid pattern. Next the silk screened Blue logo also helps you find the sweet spot, if you place it in front of the capsule area. I like the idea of a metal screen, especially if you are transporting it, you won't have to worry about snagging,or runs, as you do with the cloth filters. Speaking of old cloth filters, I have a Neumann, which is about 12 years old, a very nice screen as well, but it does not cut the pops as well as the Blue, especially if you get closer to the mic and screen. Also when reading copy, or maybe music, I can see over and through the Blue filter, much better than the round 6 & 1/4 inch jobs Like the Neumann. You can contort the neck of the filter in any position easily, cheaper filters I have used in the past, will creep back into unwanted positions, the Blue behaves. The Blue Pop is absolutely transparent, no muffling, as with foam filters, The curved design of the Blue Filter also protects the sides from plosives and possible proximity errors of a poorly placed screen or none at all. The screen is a solid build, as are all of the Blue products I have used so far. It also fits the look of the Yeti and Radius Shock Mount like a glove. Surprisingly, I paid a little over $30.00 on Amazon, a real bargain in my mind, for such high quality. This filter is for all the Blue Microphones by the way, and I am going to use it on my entire collection of mics!10/7/11 AddendumIf you need to use the Yeti as a table top mic, especially if you are using a shock mount and pop filter (any brand), I would suggest buying aSamson SAMD5 MD5 Desktop Mic Stand, which works great for this set up!
This pop filter is built like a tank compared to those cheap cloth and plastic versions that you get at the discount music stores, so it's a bit more expensive, but the quality and functionality is like night and day.  I use it in front of my Shure Beta 58A, and it's absolutely perfect.
Watch the review in one of the prior posts for fitting it properly to the Yeti microphone.  Works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  Larger than I expected.
It didn't naturally fit onto my Blue Yeti mic which is weird, since this IS a Blue mic and its supposedly universal but whatever i made it work. For 10 more dollars instead of the meshy pop filter you could have this one which looks and feels like it'll last a looong time! If the pop filter fit on right i would have gave 5 stars :x
This is a beautiful shock mount. However for the price it didnt perform. The mount doesnt fit directly to the blue yeti and it leaks wind and plosive sounds on P's and S's. Not worth the price.

It's works. Nice and small. Cool looking. Does the job. Seams sturdy enought. Might even get a blue mic. I use with a MoJave
Nice, works and no problem.Sound is good.Packaging is good.So far the so good, used for almost a month now.
I was not happy with the sound of these strings. The EAD steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon GBE strings sound tinny. For an extra $2 I bought the D'Addario EJ45 Pro Arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old Yamaha G-60.  Spend the extra $2 its well worth it.
provide a very good sound, minimal stretching past a couple of days of setting it, good lows and highs, good value
They are cheap and look good.  They also have a nice full sound and are holding up well.  Highly recommended.
This string compares significantly to the Pro-Arte string.  The sizes are the same but it costs a buck or two less.  It's so similar I contacted D'Addario to ask them what the difference was.  They stated the Pro-Arte strings are made of a better nylon and to more stringent specs... but in all honesty I wonder if the strings aren't identical but these marketed primarily to students and schools as a more economical string.Whatever is the actuality-- both sets are of quality manufacture.  They're D'Addario... and D'Addario never produces junk.  Their cheapest string is as good or better than more expensive strings in other brands.  I've never used a set of D'Addario in any classification of guitar that I didn't like.For those who are curious, I'd recommend doing what I did:  buy a set of these and a set of the Pro-Arte (they're both pretty inexpensive) and compare and see which you like best... or if you like both equally.  I think it would be good to get several reviews here of such a test between the two grades.  Whichever set one ultimately chooses, can't go wrong with the quality/price ratio.
We bought this for my daughter's boyfriend; we saved it as the last gift to give on Christmas Day; he wrapped the strap around his neck and never put it back down; I still don't think it has come out of his hands for more than a few minutes; I believe he is very happy with his gift!
I wanted a mandolin to fool around on and learn how to play. But didn't want to spend the same amount on something that I could for a new guitar. I am very pleased with the price and the quality. They take great care to pack it well so no worries their either. Buy this if you want a started that isn't bobo or a toy.
Having bought 4 sizes of Ukulele, only to discover the Baritone Uku is much like a classical guitars lower 4 strings, I was curious for 60 bucks to see what it is like to play the Mandolin.  If you are interested in this style of play,  search You Tube videos and watch people,  I have not found anyone cutting Hotel California out on these things..I also didnt feel like I wanted to learn yet another chord set ( tried playing the electric guitar, even going and getting Rocksmith software to learn ( which is prety cool)  anyhow,  I changed the strings on the Baritone to be a ukulele..so this Mandolin has a very thin neck,  ( Maybe 1.25 width)  I have watched videos of other people playing and their necks  look wider, this is hard to fat finger ( yea I have fat fingers).My initial problem is this thing doesnt come delivered anywhere close to ready to go, the Saddle moves, is not hard mounted and has height adjusters..so once  I figured that out, and also put some 3 in 1 oil on the nut so when tuning the strings dont drag ( whether this is right or wrong I dont know, I did it regardless)I measured from the nut to the 12th fret, then the 12th fret to the Saddle and moved the saddle so both measurements were really close, if you are having tuning trouble withe yours, I bet this is the problem,,  with your Tuner set your strings Tight,,  that was another problem, this thing should twang high pitched, like the dude in the Geico commericals ( Again on You tube someone posted videos of tuning )  I also read buy a very stiff pick,  not for me,  I guess I am not gentle and smashed the strings,, couldnt keep the pick in my fingers. so I use a light one, the grounds for using the stiff was the pick will not bend and create delay I guess between the two strings ( same note), the light weight one  works well for me, ( when I do pick this thing up )it is not hard to tune, I use my Ukulele Snarks, and pick one string at a time,  it is a cute guitar regardless and I saw one for sale Used at Guitar Center for 75 bucks, same one.if you are someone who can play guitar,  this might be fun,, I suck at it, I pretty much suck at Ukulele playing too but manage to play rock tunes that actually sound like something..I might some day figure out how to tune it like a ukulele but you can play songs with three to four chords,  good luck.
The mandolin arrived on time and came in a box within a box where the mandolin was wrapped. There was no damage to it and none of the tuning pegs broke. I tuned it pretty easily and was able to figure out some simple songs.I removed the pick guard because I really didn't like how it looked and it looks fine without it. The strings that come with it work fine and none snapped. Even if you end up not wanting to play it, you can always hang it somewhere because it looks nicer than I would have expected. The only problem I have is that the two G chords do not fit completely in the nut but i have heard that you can adjust it so it fits properly. I got this because I really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. Also, another difficulty I had was that the tailpiece comes off easier than it goes back on. If you are interested in the mandolin definately get this to try it out.
I got one of these years ago as a starter mandolin. Do they sound as good as a 5K Gibson F5? Not hardly. Do they sound good for a 40-50 dollar Chinese built instrument out of the cheapest materials they could find? Actually, yeah, they do. This is one of those instruments where a case can cost as much or more then it does so I wouldn't worry about that. When you get it, the action is likely to be high and if you can't lower the bridge enough with the wheels it's easy enough to sand some off the bottom. Also, like most cheap instruments the strings that are on it are trash. Just throw them out or strangle the cat with them or something. Decent strings don't cost very much.Depending on what they sent you and how the labor force was the day it was built, you actually might have a piece of firewood or a pretty playable (after you fix the bridge and strings...) little instrument. The hardware isn't the best and the tuners suck but hey, if you're just starting out, tuning is part of the game.For $49.99 (and I've seen new ones 10 bucks less from time to time) it's worth the investment. You can spend more on dinner and a movie, and after you ate and watched the flick, it's gone. With the money spent here, you'll have something to keep you entertained until it falls apart and that will be much longer then one evening. My 7 year old boy owns mine now and he beats the hell out of it, so far, so good. It's been holding up well.BTW, if $49.99 breaks you, and you discover lessons cost more then your mandolin (been there), since you're here reading this, that means you're on the net and you can get plenty of starter lessons on youtube that will get you going, after that, you can find MANY good books/cds/dvds that will help you along even further and one day you'll get a better instrument. I'm actually thinking of getting another one to beat around on so I don't take the chance of ruining my good one while camping or whatever, and if I get cold and run out of wood, these are almost cheap enough to burn.One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. If you go to certain online classifieds (CL coughcoughcough) you'll notice people ask 50 bucks or MORE for these, sometimes over 100. USED. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. This is one of the few cases where I'd buy new over used. If you decide to sell it and as long as it's not in pieces it'll still bring 20-30 bucks used so you won't be out much, but really, it's a good servicable instrument with a little work, but if you're lucky it might actually be set up right when you get it. Again though, not that big a deal to fix if it's not.Oh, as stated elsewhere these don't have trussrods. That's not bad in itself. You'd be surprised how many mandolins didn't have them years ago and alot of them are still around. Even from some big makers. If the neck warps in a year or two, no big deal, you got your moneys worth. Mines been kicking around for awhile, and the last year a 7 year old (6 at the time) has been beating on it and I can still pick it up, tune it and play it.
I'm a beginner ukulele player, and I bought one of the cheap ukulele's here on Amazon. It didn't sound very good, and I didn't know if it was the instrument or the strings. It was the strings, and I'm very glad I replaced them with these strings. They make my ukulele sound like it should, and it holds tuning pretty well. I'm very happy with the purchase.
Don't panic, strings marked A/D/F#/B CAN be used just fine for G/C/E/A tuning... They don't seem to be quite as nice as the comparable Aquilas, but they're half the price... They were for a $20 uke... (And yeah, new $4 strings do improve the sound on a $20 uke!).
These are great strings for such a "rare" instrument. Not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. These strings sound full and warm on the instrument.
First off, I'm NO ukulele expert. That being said: I replaced the original strings on my newMahalo U-35PK Sparkling Soprano Ukulele Outfit in Pinkwith these. I know they stated Concert, however, reading up on this, they can still be used on a soprano or standard uke. Immediately I noticed a difference in sound on these strings. Like another reviewer said, it's not going to perform miracles on a cheap uke, but it sure helped out a lot. The sound is quite a bit louder and so much brighter as well. I'm loving the sound. Also, I really like the way they look on my pink uke; it's a nice touch.  I would definitely recommend these.
while learning how to read these things better,, I picked these up,  I need to read better becaseu I have 4 Ukuleles,. all different size and right now my tenor has a wound string on the third string,  so now I am more careful with buying strings, not that a wound is bad, I just suck at playing, my  concert is my favorite and just discovered that it fits in the case I bought for my soprano and I can take it on travel..
So while I got this for my soprano ukulele... they fit fine. Not much to say really other then they are good strings and work.
The most annoying thing about modern ideas in Ukulele strings, or indeed in Guitar strings, is to wind them with aluminum wire - making at the least a black deposit of aluminum on my hands, or at worst, cognitive damage skin contact with them. These rather inexpensive strings are not aluminum wound, but are silver plate wound - no health problems possible from strings makes them the best.
I've tried a lot of strings and these are my favorites, although I use the heavier MLT 2036 strings sometimes.These ones bend easier. The heavier ones have a better low end and buzz less.Both last as well as the more expensive Ball and Gore (elixir), coated strings I have used.And I like the sound better.
As old strings slowly start to stretch and wear out, you hardly notice the sound quality deteriorate. But it's important to replace them every month or two, even if you hear no problem with the current strings. Playing on fresh strings is the best experience ever!These Blue Steel light strings sound like gold. The crisp and solid vibration is just top notch! Probably better than any other light strings I've bought. They needed to be tuned often before they settled in, but all new strings do. I haven't used them long enough to give a review on how well they hold up, but I'll be updating in a month or so. So far, they are great. Definitely recommended!
Best strings ever
Strung these up on a Seagull guitar to replace some strings that were several years old and the gauge and action of the guitar killed my fingers so it didn't get played much. These strings feel great and sound fantastic. Very bright defined highs and great rumbling lows.
this strings are just for starters because they feel really light but sound too weird so if u want to buy a really good for pro please but martin
They sound great. They helped revive an old acoustic guitar that had been buried in a closet for years (along with a very thorough cleaning). I don't have any opinion on the "feel" of these strings like some reviewers. I honestly didn't notice anything different. I bought them because I wanted great strings on an old cheap guitar in order to get the best sound possible. These strings did that just fine. The guitar now sounds great. Job completed.
I just had a guitar setup with DR Pure Blues 9's and they sound pretty good but they are a bit stiff.I've also noticed a bit of what I must presume is the nickel coating seems to come off on my fingertips after practicing for an hour or so.It almost looks like graphite on my fingers but it is nowhere near as "black" as the oxidation I've seen from low-quality strings.They also seem to have more "string squeak" when changing chords than other brands - even after generously spritzing them withFingerease Guitar String LubricantI am not qualified to say if they truly give you that "vintage tone" but they do sound decent.However, for $6 I would rather getDean Markley Blue Steel LT 2552 Electric Guitar Strings (.009-.042)or save some money and go withD'Addario EXL120 Electric Guitar Strings, Super Light, 9-42.EvenErnie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42)seem to feel better to me, but I am a Da-Dairy-O man, for now.
I thought something was drastically wrong with my guitar but it was these strings, they buzzed and move so much they hit every metal on every fret.
Adds a little sustain and they look sharp, but not gaudy, put them on my Martin D-35, Epiphone AJ 220SCE and Washburn Travel Series RO10TR ,,,, nice.
These look great on my guitar. I was hoping these would help make my guitar sound brighter but defiantly didn't. I would recommend these they look great. The ones I got look almost exactly as the ones in the picture.
I use these pins on some of my 3/4 size guitars. Not really sure if I can notice a difference in sound between these, plastic, or ebony pins that I have but they are attractive and certainly appear to be different.
Impressed with this set, I installed them today and have been playing for a few hours. My wife thinks my guitar looks better now, and I agree. Im not sure if they are supposed to be flush, and they stick out just a little bit but they have not popped out. I think my guitars tone has improved a little too, but I also installed new strings. Qualtiy is way better then the plastic pins!
It works really well and it's really thin. It's thinner than i thought. The price it's about right. I needed only 3 of these but since if you buy one at the time is more expensive than to buy the box i got this.
compact heads allow more pedals to be loaded onto your overpriced pedal board.  the quality is good. I like how they are easy to take apart and modify and put together again.  very handy for making it all just right.  I will buy these again for sure.
I've never had a problem with these patch cables. I'm running 6 pedals and no issues like crackling or cutting out.One thing that is important to note is that I'm not hard on my gear. I'm a home noodler, so I can't say if these patches can take road/stage abuse and lots of setup/tear-down cycles. They seem pretty buff and capable, but I can only report what I've experienced.
These are sturdy, just the right length, and the design means that you can save space in arranging your effects pedals, with enough length and flexibility to arrange them in a semicircle if, like me, you have a lot of pedals.
all 12 of mine broke within a year and the jacks got bent pretty easily. so I switched back to the plastic ones which have lasted me over 2 yearsHosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Packand they are still going strong.
I use these patch cables on my pedal board and they save valuable space. They work well and I haven't had any problems with any of them shorting out or making static or other noises. I highly recommend them. Plus, they look nice, unlike the various colors that come with the bulkier, cheaper 1' cords.
These are thin. They allow getting your pedals very close to each other, and let you optimize your pedal board space. I had other cables on my pedal boards. I replaced everything with those.
Going to these from what I was using, I can fit 2 more pedals on my pedalboard, so mission accomplished!
I love these patch cables.  They can be serviced if need be, but mine have never needed it.  I've ordered about 3 batches of these guys and I would order them again in the instance that my already excessive pedalboard where to become more complex.  The length of the cable presents limitations that should be expected, and the bulb on the ends may be an issue in tight squeezes.  However there are many cables of much lesser value, which are unserviceable in the event of a breakdown.
Simple. Solid. Compact. Convenient. Audio quality is unchanged from my no name metal patch cables. For the money, you can't beat a six pack of these to open up some extra space on your board and clean it up a bit.
Once you setup your pedalboard... that's it, you aren't going to move, stretch, or step on these cables...so the fact that they are lighter weight is really not an issue.  They do however allow you to make the most use of the space on yourpedalboard... packing your pedals side by side without staggering like larger heavier cables require.
Just be aware that the ends are so big that some vertical input boxes, like my Danelectro Fish and Chips, can't be used with these cables because the input and output are too close together.
I've had it for almost 3 years now.. not a single problem! I've changed my setup like crazy, sometimes even the cables had to be twisted in some certain position on a pedalboard. Been bent on the edge of the cable right before the connector, been pulled (normal way) and stomped, never a single cut offs on the connection.Don't worry too much about cables like a sissy bedroom princess guitarists, you're using od/distortion pedals anyway right? If you're a purist, don't ever use a pedals or even electric guitar. Good luck!
They have good ends, they do feel a little flimsy on the cord side of things. They have good signal though and don't seem to alter the tone. I have them all on my pedalboard now so time will tell if they hold up or not.
Well, i have another Strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. Anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... If you want something to just practice with this is what  you should get. I recommend it!
I bought this during the Black Friday sale. The price was right, since if I was dissatisfied then I wouldn't be out that much money.Quality product. Well worth the purchase. I would recommend this.
Material is similar to my messenger bag's strap. Reasonably comfortable, but I don't want it cutting into my neck. Does not go short enough for one of my smaller ukes, a rubber band or spare capo is enough to fix that.
Bought this with my first guitar just to have anything to hang it from. It does the job. Nothing at all fancy about this strap. Two faux leather ends, some nylon web and a triglide. Will do the job until you find the one of your dreams.
Bought this for one of my cheaper guitars and it does the job.  It adjusts easily and doesn't look bad either
My experience with these straps has been great.  The polyester material is sturdy and comfortable, the leather post binding is sturdy and easy to use.  The straps have PET/ABS buckles and are easily adjusted.  I've not experienced any issues with the buckles breaking.Note: It is possible that this material can become brittle if stored in high heat (a car trunk or in sunlight within a hot car), but that problem isn't a manufacturing defect so much as a material deficit.For the price, the functionality is excellent.  If you are looking for a product for an everyday use guitar, with little investment or maintenance, this is it.
I have this on a green guitar with a green pickguard and black hardware. I think it looks great and I wish I could upload pictures!
I have a Taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. Rather than ruin the finish of the guitar I just got a different strap. Plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since I had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where I liked it to play. If the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made.
Good basic strap.  It's not fancy, but it doesn't need to be.  By being just plain black, it tends not to detract from the good looks of the five string bass it's used on.
I was a little skeptical having used other strap lock systems. But I took a chance & this works well on my LP! The strap lock was well thought out and seems to have no weak spots. I really like it!
You know, I love the locking mechanisms on these guitar straps.  I own one of these (in differing colors and textures) for eack of my guitars.  I no longer experience the problem of the strap coming off while I'm playing.  That prevents a lot of damage.
Based upon some of the other reviews, I feel I got a different product, as it didn't fit the descriptions given by others. I ordered two of these, and both were very thin material, not sturdy at all. Second, both straps were not adjustable to 59&#34;. Both mine measured 45&#34; from strap button hole to strap button hole, fully-extended. They are useless to me, as my guitar, a dreadnought, covers the middle of my chest when I put it on. I believe I was given a substitute product, since when I ordered these straps, the price was just $1.00, and now they're back up to $4.95 as I write this. I'm really sick of these Amazon substitutions. For what I paid, I won't bother returning them...not worth the hassle. I will donate them to a local music teacher who has students with smaller guitars. Very disappointed. Warning...if you see a price drop below $4.95, don't buy...it's probably not the product that's described here.
I had been having lots of trouble with my guitars falling from the leather ended straps.  Not any more.  These locking ends are the ticket!  They are quick to release and adjust, and fit very well.  They are bulky when putting the guitar in a case, but I just leave them on.  The strap itself is plain, but it highlights the beauty of my guitar.  It's a must for any rambunctious guitar player.
Pretty basic strap, but durable and works for me.  The only thing I noticed is I think that one of the end pieces was attached with the stitching on the wrong side, but it's just a picky detail.
If you want a strap for $5 you can't expect the moon. I bought this along with 2 other straps of higher price. This is simple. I would not want to use it with a tank top on (or for guys on skin) because it is stiff and not "comfy" but it is practical and works well. The leather ends fit securely on to my guitar snaps. Both ends are the same - leather. (one of my straps has a string on the end - this kind does not - it is made for the snaps)No bells or whistles but I would recommend it for the price.
This strap seemed a little awkward at first, but after a rigorous six month evaluation it's become my go-to strap.I currently have it locked to a Fender Strat and experience NO problems with the strap ends rubbing against the body of the guitar.  Although the strap ends are light plastic, they've held up well.  The nylon strap itself has held up well with no fraying or noticeable wear.  The nylon isn't that soft, so if you are that guy who insists on playing shirtless then this may not be the strap for you.It will lock to most standard strap ends, if the body of your guitar allows it.  I wasn't all that happy with this strap connected to a Les Paul.
Spend a few more bucks and get a padded one. This one is comfortable for 10 mins then it's cramp time. Just save yourself the hassle, this one is too cheap to return and while it's "OK" it's not great for long-term playing.
Good design, good price, smart locking mechanism, great for classic, accustic and light electric guitars
Good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice.This was my first guitar strap i had ever bought. I didnt really care about quality i just needed a strap to get by. Over the 6 months ive had it i took it off my electric guitar and put it on a new electric acoustic I recently got and it keeps popping off. This is a problem is standing up playing at a gig or just around your house. The guitar could take that head dive of death, while one dive might not do too much damage a few might crack the neck or worse.My Advice: unless you plan to sit and play (which you wont really need a strap anyways) the whole time, spend alittle more to get a leather strap. Spending more on a leather strap will help avoid hole stretching and the popping off of the strap in mid play.
this is a good product. its not the best strap but, for what i paid for it, its well worth it. ive had it for about a month and so far it seems to be holding up very well. this is a great product for a beginer.
This is a good quality strap!  It is wide and has leather ends.  It fits my Les Paul 100 just fine and I am sure it willlast a long time with normal use.Can't go wrong for the price!
This is a Palnet Waves and just as good as the more expensive ones.Material is rougher,but that's a good thing.
Looks good.  Great quality for such a low price.  Fits the instrument, (and old Mexican acoustic), and feels comfortable.  They arrived before the promised delivery date.
It fits good and came in the color i expected. But there was one thing wrong. The strap had a small stain. I don't know why? It said it was brand new. But maybe not.
Works well for my guitar. It holds where I left it over a year ago. I don't use it all that often though...
This device is the best you can buy.  There is nothing negative to write about it if you put the slightly high price aside.  Zero noise.  Indestructible casing.  If you are reading this review, you are considering investing in the best you can buy for your rig.  Do it!
Come with all cables needed.Solid and very much worth the money im very happy with this purchase no regrets at all.
This power supply is great for me. I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. The 2 knobs you see on it can &#34;Sag&#34; the power to be less voltage. You can get your pedal to sound as if it has a dying battery in it.
This is simply the best power supply out there!  Everything is so quiet, with no hum.....powered perfectly.  Although I don't use all the options (such as the SAG option, and different voltage options, etc), it's great to have them available to me.  I'd LOVE two more ports........but I guess you can't have it all!
I haven't used this yet, but it seems solid and idiot proof - just like I need. Play coffee shops and will help if I drop my pick. Very good price.
Not much to say - it's a pic holder that attaches to a music/mic stand and holds pics.As advertised, it does indeed attach nicely and easily and snugly to my music/mic stands, and it does, in fact, snuggly and easily hold pics.Well worth the small cost.
Allows me to keep picks on my mic stand for quick access if I need to grab a new one or drop one. Fits nice and snug on the mic stand and the picks are also snug into the holder. Would recommend to anyone looking for an easy solution to having picks ready to go!
It fits nice an tight on mic stand, you can get around ten picks in it, so it's a good product.
I'm rating it 4 stars because although it is able to attach to most mic stands, it doesn't fit them all very well. Opening up for headliners, you basically get given most of your stage gear (minus your own instrument gear) so if you're given a mic stand that has a smaller diameter tube, this will not fit as nicely.  I was playing a couple shows and this thing would slowly slip down the pole (that's what she said).  Usually worked fine. I'll still recommend this wedgie.
For the money, this is one of the best products I've reviewed.  I went ahead and ordered two and before I even had a chance to buy them, the price dropped by a dollar or so.  They easily fit on your mic stand and save you the hassle of trying to bend over and find your pick once you drop it.  Definitely a smart buy.  Don't play another show without these!
Love the security of having my picks within grasp!  Great product and great value! I would highly recommend this to others.
Just exactly as stated, this is a small rubber piece to hook on your mic stand or guitar stand. Holds 6 picks. It is exactly what I wanted for a great price. Thanks!Editing this review to say that today I got a few thin picks and the "thin" picks do not hold in this. Mediums do great but the thin fall right out. Fine for me because I will just keep medium in it but just thought it might be helpful information for someone.
I'm not a performing musician, so I actually use this on my guitar stand to keep a variety of picks close at hand.  Holds everything from a .5mm nylon pick to a 3.1mm rubber pick, and I have yet to see one fall out.  Simple solution to a simple problem.
Fits all standard mike stands.Stays where it is supposed to.The perfect accessory for the stage or studio.Will buy some more.
This mute allows me to practice without annoying my family and does not harm the violin. It seems well made.
cheap, easy to use, cuts sound 70%.  Ideal for the beginner or those living in an apartment.  Works exactly as described.  If you want 90% sound reduction however you will need a metal mute.  This one works better than the smaller rubber ones.
Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute is good tool for your violin. If you are afraid to disturb your neighbors, when you are practicing violin - just buy it. It will put the sound down. It really works.
I works ok but you have to observe a few details when using it.Notice the curve of the Mute and the curve of the top of the bridge.It only is supposed to go on one way, to match the shape of the bridge.Try reversing it and you'll see what I mean.Also, you have to press the mute down almost all the way to the top ofthe bridge, otherwise it won't mute the sound very much.If used correctly, this mute works well.
I am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  As you can imagine, I need to practice a LOT!  My wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when I practice monotonous scales.I saw the Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  I love it!  Easy to put on and take off. The rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. You can barely hear it in the next room.  You can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  My violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.Now I can practice all I want without fear of my wife divorcing me!
Nice to use to muse your violin. A must need to prevent from annoying people while your practicing. Great buy.
Excellent!  Mother's Little Helper!  Highly recommend this item.  It a rubber like stuff and will not damage the instrument. A Must.
Really perfect as advertised.  Experienced player might have other choices, but for me, it was easy to use and exactly met its purpose.
I bought a Glaesel Bridge & this Glaesel rubber mute together. I bought this because it was cheap and had so many good reviews. The mute fits the bridge fine, but compared to a brass mute (which of course works VERY well) this mute seems to do absolutely nothing. There is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on. Also, the mute can affect your playing so certain notes screech or stutter or produce other undesirable noises.If You want or need a mute for practicing quietly (as many of us do), I suggest you buy something else. This item does not work and is a total waste of money. I tried this mute on a regular acoustic violin as well as a new Electric Violin bought here on Amazon (FYI, that cheap little electric violin is an awesome & fun item! *Just make sure you buyThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsley& aGlaesel Self-Adjusting 4/4 Violin Bridge Mediumwith it!).I consider this mute completely useless since it does not do anything at all. It does *not* mute or lower the volume of any violin in any noticeable way.
I'm not sure how much I can say about a mute. It's easy to put on and take off, and it does its job. It mutes the violin to a reasonable level.  I used an SPL meter at a distance where a sustained open G string gave a reading of about +2db. With the mute, it dropped to -6db. I then tried a Yamaha silent electric violin (unplugged) and from the same distance, it barely registered. I recalibrated the meter so the muted acoustic violin read about 1db, and the Yamaha read about -6db at that distance and setting.So it won't make your instrument completely silent, and from a purely subjective perspective, it seemed to bring things closer to the silent violin, perhaps seeming about 10 to 20% louder had I not measured it.With accessories, tonal quality is typically important. But with a mute, you expect it to deteriorate. Surprisingly, there was still a lot of tone left, especially compared to the unplugged electric, yet there were no buzzes or other horrible artifacts introduced.You can't expect this to give great sound or complete silence, but it won't disturb the neighbors or their dogs, and it won't make the instrument sound dead. This is about 15 times cheaper than the cheapest silent violin, and the latter will probably sound worse. It's not the ultimate solution for quietness but it lets you stick to your instrument of choice.
This pedal is solidly built, and works as advertised.  If you're using it strictly as a volume pedal, it does the job nicely.The only problem with it is when you use it as an expression pedal -- it has no polarity switch for expression output.Plugged into some gear as an expression pedal (my Digitech RP55, for example), the down position is muted and the up position is full volume (the opposite of where it should be), and wah effects are backwards as well.  There's no way to correct this without making your own crossover cable (which requires destroying a perfectly good patch cable).
I got this pedal recently.  All in all, it's a pretty nice device, expecially for the price.  Seems solid and well-made.  It has a nice big pedal for big feet.  It works smoothly.  I have found no drawbacks to the operation or quality of this pedal.  My only gripe, is that the power for the pedal is either by an internal 9V battery, or a 12V plug in power supply.  Why the difference?  The really bad part (for me) is that I bought this to install in a newly-purchased Behringer pedal board, which comes with a 9V power supply.  So, in order for me to use this pedal in the board, I will have to run two different power supplies, or run the pedal on battery and everything else off of the pedalboard's power supply.  [Behringer...this was not thought out very well.]  I'm now in the process of making myself an voltage adapter, but finding all the right parts has proven so far to be a hassle.  Bottom line:  the pedal itself is great, but the power supply thing could be a frustration to you.One final note about Behringer...they seem to get bad marks now and then.  I really don't understand why.  I have two Behringer amps, two of their stomp boxes, the above-mentioned pedal board, and the volume pedal just discussed.  I really like all of them.  I have never had any problem with any of these items.  They perform well, are well made, and certainly, all came at a reasonable price.  Behringer's full range of products is so extensive, that I see little reason to buy any other brand.  I'm sticking with them.
Great foot switch that is easy to use. I figured out that the whole body lifts up to expose the battery compartment. Wish they had put that in some instructions. If it's there I missed it.
Pedal is not working, it just making noise. Poor quality control.Actually it looks like used pedal, not like new.Don't recommend this product.
The power supply which is not included is a funky size, it does seem to work with a standard pedal power supply but I wouldn't recommend it only because it is not the proper size.  The guy that was using this was using it with a Fender Telecaster, and a single 12&#34; tube amp.  He found that the volume was cut by ~ 15-20% even with the pedal turned all the way up.  Any time a pedal allows for volume loss , it tends to effect tone & yes, Mr. Sound Engineer, &#34;tone&#34; is a real thing!The pedal is pretty bulky and won't fit well in most pedal boards, but it's not any more wide than the Morley, but it seems to be taller, longer, and heavier.I gave it 3 stars because, &#34;It's Okay&#34;, but it is far from great, and I would not buy this product again.  I understand the price is cheap, and if this is all you can afford, then go for it, but if you have the extra cheese, spread it.
All I gotta say about  this product is that I get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me. Other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me.
This is a good pedal overall, rare to see a stereo pedal at this price so I took the chance and I'm pleased. As some have said, the low range has quite a steep slope to it, uncomfortable foot angle. But it's a big pedal, and the pivot seems to be at just the right spot so I can go to lower ranges with my toes because the action is smooth. I wish the TS jacks were top/bottom instead of side by side, seems it would take 1/4 right angle connectors better. One gets in the way of the other. Or even better if it were a TRS jack so you'd only need one input. I might modify it for that.
In our acoustic guitar band, I often play intros and solos heavily amped, but when the rest of the band members come in, my strumming overpowers the rest.  So I needed a way to throttle back to either nothing or slightly amplified in between intros and solos then apply full power as needed.  This volume control foot pedal works exactly as described.  Also, I had an extra 12 volt Netgear router wall wart that saves battery life during practice (I use the battery during gigs).  Despite some comments I've seen, the battery is extremely easy to change - no problem at all!  The device does reduce some of the signal going to my amp; hence only 4 stars.
Used this foot pedal for a and so far I've had know problems. Replaced the battery only once. Good product for a inexpensive foot pedal.
I share another reviewer's opinion about this pedal not being comfortable at certain treadle angles.  However, because there is very little output in those lower positions, I don't find it to be an issue.  In fact I rarely feel the need to use the full travel of the treadle when doing volume swells.  I thought it a bit strange that this thing specifies a 12 volt AC adapter yet can be powered by a 9 volt battery.  So... I decided to see if I would have any issues if I used my One-Spot AC adapter on it - polarity corrected, of course.  It worked just fine.  I usually power my looper with the same adapter so I built a splitter cable with labeled, polarity specific terminations and everything worked fine.  My curiosity didn't end there though.  I wanted to know if there would be any discernible difference if I used a 12 volt power supply.  I did it and the only difference I could find was that the power indicator LED was just a wee bit dimmer using the 9 volt adapter.  There was no change in the sonics whatsoever, nor was there a reduction in output volume that I could hear.  So what's up with the 12 volt adapter spec, Behringer?  Did you think you could fool all of us out here?  I give it four stars because even though you don't have to use the pedal's full sweep, it just not very comfortable in those lower positions.  I'll probably get used to it eventually.
Bought this mic for my daughter and she has been using it alot. Great quality for the money and works well. Mic is as described.
I have been playing and singing off and on for close to 20 years and currently host an open mic at a local coffee shop. I have used lots of great equipment and mics including the oft mentioned sm57 and sm58. While I did not have either one of those to do an a/b comparison - I DID have 2 high-end (over $100 mics) to compare these too. One was an EV and the other a rather costly older Peavey. These mics compared favorably to both with a slighter flatter frequency response. The signal was not quite as hot as the EV and Peavey, but far more resistant to feedback - even when turned up to match the hotter volumes of the other 2. Can't speak to their longevity or reliability yet, but seems sturdy and a nice performing piece of musical equipment. I feel that these mics will compare favorably to anything under 150 bucks. Great value & highly recommended.
this is the best mic for its quality and its price. perhaps on par with other brands but very much affordable.i will buy another one of this.
love is a perfect microphone for karaoke and mobile DJ live use it to provide live entertainment and I love your reception is perfect and not recommend it
Bought this so my mommy can sing karaoke on YouTube. Also my cousins use it when practicing before using the condenser microphone before home studio recordings with my focusrite 2i2 interface. my cousin and I can perform live at house parties and events so as to entertain the crowd. So it was something that was necessary. and not waste of money or an unwanted item. Also i don't really have to use headphones because it is a dynamic microphone which reduces loop back when using skype or playing video games and talking to your friends, so now i can listen through my speakers.
Nice mic - good quality, no problems and have used this heavy over the past year.  Sounds identical to my Shure SM58, but MUCH less.
I bought this to use in Children's Church.  Works great.  Has a nice sound.  Well made.  It has held up with all the kids using it.  Great value for the price.
It's light and has great sound for interviews. I would recomende this mic for any station  and we are Z108.net visit us on the web and hear it live.
Good microphone for the money, sounds a little better than my AKG D88S, knocked it down to 4 stars due to the fact it does not have an on/off switch. I am a user of Behringer products though, own 2 of their amps.
I haven't used this mic much, yet, but so far it has a great sound. It is loud and projects the voice out front of the music. For 25 bucks I don't think you can beat it. I'm happy so far. I may buy some more of them. It is not "too short" as one reviewer complained. It is a standard length just like the SM-58.
I ordered two of them and both arrived within a week. I tested both of them, they sound quite good as the majority reviewers said (that's why I bought this !!!). And they are solidly built too, not one of the pretty light microphone that comes in with cheap karaoke machine.I don't expect to come with it, so no cable is OK for me.Here is the BUT ...... : there is no ON/OFF switch, this really pissed me off.But this is my fault, I should have read the 1 star review first.The photo shows no ON/OFF switch, however this does not catch any attention.And all seller seems to have trouble to say "this product does not have this, does not have that..." It only says what the product does have.Oh well, I got stuck with two microphones without ON/OFF switch.I can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone.
I was expecting a so-so mike for the price, boy was I surprised!  This mike is great.  One thing I did notice was that if it wasn't fed into a mixer you need some low impedance filters to keep the thing from buzzing, other than that it works great.
This is a high quality microphone. Sounds really clear and noise is nonexistent. Works great with my new mixer. Built very sturdy with metal and not plastic. Shipping was great along with packaging. This is a very nice dynamic mic!
This is a very nice microphone for the money and for general voice over work.I would not use this mic for professional singing, just spoken word.I have many microphones, and this compares to the $50. range mics.
I originally was planning on purchasing 2- 3 packs of xm1800s, but after hearing the difference between the xm1800 and the xm8500 it was a no brainer.I was looking to get 5 vocal microphones on a budget for a band that sings loads of harmonies in every song.I really wanted Sure SM58&#8217;s, but the budget did not allow it.I normally stay away from Behringer due to bad experiences with their consoles and compressors etc., but these microphones were a game changer for me.They have a very full and even tone without any mud or extreme plosives, also an excellent output level to the mixer.I was able to EQ them easily for both male and female vocal ranges. I was told by all 5 singers that they could here themselves loud and clear through the monitors.I was also able to get a nice even mix on the front end.I do not know of anything better for the price in live vocal microphones right now.
This is a great microphone.  It fits easily into all the recording equipment I'm using.  It has some heft to it so I know it's not going to fall apart and be some wimpy microphone.  It gives me great sounds.
I was messing around with the wiring in a MIM strat and I ended up melting the switch. So I ordered this one to replace it. Worked out perfect.
I've wired and rewired countless guitars and have had a couple fail recently. Don't know if their QC has gone downhill or what. I didn't send them back because they're usually around $10 but it's disconcerting when a Fender product unexpectedly fails. It would have 5 stars but for the recent failures.
this has a good weight, nice connections, and all together fender charm. pretty decent price compared to GC as well
First of all, a little Amazon 101 - review the PRODUCT, not the service or the vendor.  Giving out 1-star ratings because you had a shipping issue or because some third party (like Fender) didn't get you the right model is unfortunate, but it has nothing to do with the product itself.  All you do is create the impression that this is a poorly-designed product, when exactly the opposite is the case.I have a Fender 5-way in my loaded pickguard as part of a Squier upgrade.  Beware that traditional Strats are 1 3/4" thick, where as many Bullets and Affinity Strats are slightly less than that.  As such, you might have the bottom of this switch hitting the inside of the guitar.  You might need to either live with this or shave/sand out a portion of the interior if that's the case.But the switch itself works great and, really, is quite inexpensive relative to its importance!
These screws are not a shiny chrome, so they worked perfectly for my pearl pickguard and black Fender Strat body. They are good quality screws.
I have replaced my old tarnished screws with these. They fit great and plenty of screws. I am going to replace all my old screws with these.
Fender guitars are made for tinkering -- they are basically just lumber assembled with wood screws. At any given time I have a Fender guitar taken apart, and these little finishing screws replace the pickguard screws I inevitably lose. Don't get me wrong -- I am a die-hard Fenderista, but you gotta admit they are manufactured objects, not fine examples of the luthier's art. That's what makes them so much fun to play and modify.
They have slightly more of a nickel finish than chrome and look way better, and they give u some spares.
these Fender pickguard screws are excellent, they work well with any project you may be doing at the moment, I replaced these with the squier standard screws on my strat and they're much better than the ones you get on the squier guitars made better and with a small screw face the keep your axe looking excellent
OK, so they are just screws....... but a quality replacement for ones for the rusting one!!!  And it is fender licensed!
These are the original, perfect fit on my american deluxe strat, so durable I got them for a while and they are still brilliant and making my guitar looking beautiful :D good stuff!
They work no issues handy to have on hand. Dont know what else to say they are screws they fasten thongs in place
Old screws rust, and often when presented with a new pick guard there are 11 instead of 8 holes for attachment. This package neatly solved the easthetic and necessary matching finish of the guitar. Also good for lost attachment screws on the back of the guitar and for tuning mechanisms.
What can I say they are srews and they held my pickgaurd in place. they fit in the factory hole without a problem. nothing fancy they just work.
These screws fit my project guitar perfectly and considering it was an older Epiphone by Gibson S-900 that I opted to add a pick guard too, the screws fit everything perfectly. The look of the screws was even better than the cheap one you find on most import and low end made guitars the have the fat heads and strip really easy. I will purchase again for my next build.
They are and look the right size and fit the cover well, a must when you want the right screw for the job thanks
Finishing a build for a customer, without these, would have been a real problem.  Also used these for the tremolo back cover.  Very handy.  And no digging the the parts bin for screws.
Screws, just the right size. Shipped free as an add on item, at the time. No brains er...what else?
I can't believe these were actually sent to me. The heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. They come from Taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to China. I am sending them back. There is no way I would use these. Any screw you get from Home Depot would work better and look more attractive. I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.
Came with more screws than i needed. They were the right size. No issues. Thanks. You shouldnt be disappointed with this item.
I used this to replace a Pot in my MIM Telecaster. Works great. I didn't notice any change in tone. It just worked like the old one. But the main this is that it worked. And my Tele sounds as great as it always did.
Comes with a capacitor, so that's a bonus.  These pots are CTS and have a nice tight feel compared to Alpha pots.  Alpha are a little cheaper, have basically the same tolerance, are slightly looser in feel as you turn, and get the job done pretty much the same.  What it really boils down to is whether you prefer a slightly tighter feel, or a slightly looser turning knob.
Perfect for my guitars. Sounds great for my telecaster and my Stratocaster guitars. Capacitor are a nice generalized  choice. Excellent choice.
I've never had one of these pots fail on me. Never had one go scratchy. I'm sure they will, as most pots will, but I've either been fortunate or these are very well made pots.
Al ser el producto fender original se ve que es robusto.. y con una buen duravilidad.. hoy lo instalare.. Saludos desde Venezuela!!
I bought this to replace a recently busted (generic) volume pot. It works like a champ. I'm a stickler for genuine OEM parts so I typically by Fender only.
These were purchased for my parts bin.  They fit, they work, they are quiet and they won't make your life miserable.  That's all I want from replacment parts.
Used this to replace a dead volume pot in an older Strat-type guitar, and it sounds great!  The diameter of the threaded portion was a little larger than the original, Chinese pot, so I needed a cheap reamer (purchased through Amazon) to enlarge the pickguard hole.  It's a nice, smooth pot with no scratchiness.  nice big lugs to solder to.
Good upgrade for my Squier Deluxe Strat. Although, note that if your pickguard isn't a Fender made brand, the hole in the pickguard maybe a little small. Not to worry. All I did was took a drill bit the same size as the &#34;screw&#34; (where the knob goes on, and drilled the pickguard, thus it fitting. Over all nice purchase.
I picked this up because I wanted to change up the looks of my 3-tone sunburst American Standard. The holes lined up perfectly and it was easy to install but that's what you'd expect since this is a genuine Fender part. The only concern really is whether or not the color will work on your guitar. At first, it took some getting used to as it really darkened up the look of my Strat but I like the way it came out with aged white pick up covers and knobs.
Genuine fender pick guard.  It's pre-shielded.  Perfect for your next build, or for replacing your standard white guard to set you apart.
Absolutely perfect. Some other reviewer complained about theirs being blemished, but I'm guessing they just didn;t know to pull off the protective layer. Mine was shiny-new, and was an absolute perfect fit on my Mexi-Strat. The price was the best,anywhere,and with free shipping, I couldn't be happier.
I have a Candy apple red Squier Surf Statocaster.  Came wiht a whited pearl pickgaurd.  Switch it for this Black one.  Looks great, really classes it up in my opinion.  I also got black knobs as well.  fits my axe perfectly
Wow, I'm shocked. A Fender aftermarket product that didn't come with some sort of defect or problem. Amazing. Whomever does QC for this part should take over the the complete aftermarket parts division and replace the guys that do QC for the other parts I've purchased.
Not a lot of moving parts on this piece. LOL Its a simple piece to attach to your strat body.
i love waxing my guitars..keep em protected...these stay in every case i own...works well to keep finger prints off...should make a couple of different sizes...but these for the price work fine...enjoy
Great price on a high-quality polishing cloth.Not much else to say about it - it polishes my guitar very nicely.
use the cloth often to polish my guitar. The fender logo makes it look legit.  Recommended to one and all.
Buttons itself are fine, however when I was installing it the screw broke inside the guitar (right above the thread). And I even pre-drill it. there is no way I can get it out :( so had to find real screw and drill new hole next to it (now slightly off-center now)
This was exactly what I needed and worked out great.  It would have been nice to have the felt pads included with the buttons.  I had to pay another dollar at my local guitar shop for the felt padded washers.
I ordered these strap buttons to upgrade some of my existing buttons.  I have recently purchased these beautiful guitar straps and needed new buttons.  These were filler items for a much larger purachse.  Thanks.
Not an exciting item, I'll admit, but they work as advertised and I do love having strap buttons on my instruments.
These knobs fit well on the pots in my strat and they match the color of the black fender pickguard as well. They look nice, work well, were easy to replace, and do the job. What more could you ask of strat knobs?
I needed good knobs! I enjoy them! I highly recommend them! They will last for a long time and they are a good product!
These are perfect, but for hybrid projects where more than three knobs are needed I would like to have more individual ones available rather than the restriction of quantity and descriptions contained in the package. I have had to borrow other knobs for other potentiometers which don't match, they are functional but aesthetically imbalanced
bought these for my Squire Strat. I was changing the look with new pickgaurd, nobs and switch tips.  these nobs fit great and look great. I would difenantly recomend them
I have an abundance of strat parts.  So when a vintage non-strat type guitar came acrossed my workbench, I plunked these on the pots.  The customer liked them so much, he kept them on.  Now what to do with these other knobs?
Back plate has a "greenish" tint, and is single ply, not 3-ply as advertised.Color wasnt as advertised, its more of an "off-white" than a vintage cream. But I guess its close enough considering the price.Shipping took far too long. (Not sure if Music123 or USPS is to blame for that, but Id go with USPS)Besides those minor faults, the items fit well and look good.My 2006 Strat now has the look of a '57, without the huge price tag.
One of the my favorite thigns about Strats is how easy they are to modify/customize. After about 10 years with my American Standard, I was itching to change up the look so I changed out the pickguard and then wanted to give it a nice vintage look with some aged knobs and pickup covers. I didn't need the back plate but this kit was cheaper than buying all the parts I wanted seperately. The back plate is a single-ply, mint green so if you go for a mint green pickguard and want the aged accessories, this will give you a matching back plate. You can never go wrong with real Fender parts.
Used these while putting together my personal Blues/Classic Rock Frankenstrat. Replaced everything but the body. Needed these accessories to match a brand new Fender pick guard. They worked fine at a great price.
FYI - Parchment is slightly off white. . . unless you're comparing right next to a pure white pickguard, you probably would think they're simply white.
I was happy it was made in the USA but was missing switch tip and had two cracked knobs. Might have happen in shipping but switch tip wasn't done by shipping.
Unless you guys are receiving something I am not, how can you give this anything more than one star. My backplate is so thin and cut so close to the screws that you can actually see were the route begins on the back of my Fender stratocaster. This is inexcusable. All the other Fender backplates I have have enough lip to cover the route, but not this mint green one. I simply cannot understand what Fender is thinking.  I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.
But didnt work on the el cheapo drop in pickguard/pickup setup that I got here on Amazon. Other than that, they look cool in the package. LOLI suppose this gives me a reason to build a whole other guitar just to use these covers. ahahahahahahYeah, thats right....
I was buying a pawn shop guitar, when paying they handed me this amp and stated it came with the guitar. I didn't expect to actually use it but what the heck, I could sell it and make a bit of money back. Got home to set up my new pawn shop guitar and plugged into the Frontman 25 just to see if it worked. I was surprised to find out not only did it work, it sounded very good. I own a Deluxe Reverb all tube amp and the little Frontman 25 had the Fender sound. What really was impressive was the reverb, it went from a nice echo to full fledge drippy surf sound. I actually took it to a few small gigs and it did very well, I normally use a Blues Jr for small gigs but the Frontman did a fine job. On some smaller gigs when all I need is a little reverb I just plug straight into the amp and it worked well, plenty of volume and smooth reverb plus it's small and easy on the back. All in all very impressed and have decided to keep it. I would easily pay full retail, it is a nice little amp, might even see if I can squeeze a 12 inch speaker into it!
I have several other amps ranging from half stacks to twins and this little guy fills a definite hole. I mainly play an American Standard Tele and the 25R fits her like a glove. I love the tone and the reverb for $100 is amazing! The dirty channe is what it is, but the clean channel is worth the price of admission.I can imagine using this guy for a small gig, but I mainly use it for practice and jamming over night while everyone else is sleeping. If you are in the market for a sweet little amp with a very rich clean channel and classic spring reverb you should look no further, this really is a great little amp!**Update**If you are interested in a DIY amp stand that will enhance the sound of the amp, check out my review and amp stand plans for the 25R on my website![...]
I am very pleased with my Frontman 25R. I purchased as a practice amp. The sound quality is very clear, and it has all the volume you will ever need. With the gain and drive cranked up to 10, I set the volume at 3. That is all the volume I need for practicing in my home. You could actually use it on an outdoor stage at level 10. I cranked it up to test it, and the sound quality was still clear at 10. I would recommend it as a good economical all around amp.
I purchased this for my love of playing guitar. I like blues style and classic rock. This 25 watt amp will get the job done. It is not to be expected as a high quality amp by any means. After a few months of playing the bass knob just blew. So I had no bass control. Arrived pretty fast and had no issues as far as tears or dings in the packaging. You just have to mess around with the knobs to get the tone you want. Took me like half an hour to get the right amp settings.This amp is rated 75 watts, so technically you could upgrade the speaker to say a 50 watt (into 8 ohm). I would definitely recommend upgrading the speaker to a celestion or Jensen. I'd recommend it, but don't buy it if your looking for a really decent tone. It's just a practice amp.
Sturdy stand.
Solid construction and well weighted, this stand is perfect for desktop use with height adjustments from 8.5" to 13" and a 6" base; per the measurements given on the box.  The locking die-cast steel clutch works well to keep the fit secure.  The color is darker than pictured on Amazon - black powder coating.  There's no tipping or imbalance to worry about with this mic stand, and it's reasonably priced. (* I picked mine up for under ten in the Amazon Warehouse.  It didn't ship with any directions for set-up, which may or may not be the standard packaging.)Do take note that this stand has a US standard 5/8" top.  I needed a 5/8" female to 3/8" male adapter to get my mic to mount to this stand. There are a few on Amazon, but I found the best deal at another retailer online.  These are the adapters that I'm talking about:Windtech Adapter 5/8" Female Standard Microphone to 3/8" Male.  You may not need one if your microphone mount ships with one installed, which can be easily screwed out to then expose the 5/8" space.Overall, I'm very pleased with the fit, finish and construction of this item, and I'm sure it will work very well for my uses. I recommend it to others looking for a stable, sturdy, adjustable desktop microphone stand.
When I found that my USB microphone cannot stand on the tripod that came with it, I was so glad that I bought this stand along with the mic based on all the positive reviews. This stand is basically dead weight. That's exactly what I wanted from a desk stand.
Base is heavy and sturdy so your mics won't topple over. But an arm on it and that could be a different story. The action on the height adjust was a little finicky for me but not enough for me to worry about. While I appreciate the weight of the base, I do kind of wish there was a lighter solution to keeping it stable with a heavy mic mounted on an angle.
at2020 sitting on top angled down to pick up my acoustic.  would need a heavier base for use with a boom.
If you're looking for a really durable stand, this is a good one for the desk. It just inconvenient that Amazon does list the product detail on the size of the screw head on top. Make sure your mic holder fits...
Perfect for amp recordings and ambient mic. This helps my &#34;Apogee One&#34; to always be in perfect position and far from accidents and drops. Add &#34;Apogee One Mic Mount&#34;.
This is a great stand. The ability to adjust it and price point sold me on purchasing this unit. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a desk stand.
This is a pretty good way to hold a mic if you want to amplify foot-stomping percussion (traditional to French Canadian music).  The base is really heavy, which makes it stay in place well, but it's a pain to carry around.  Also, since buying this I found out that I could just use a shoe to mount a mic by my feet, which would have been a bit cheaper.
This works great for mic'ing guitar amps. The stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp.
I use these in my studio for the two amps and the bass drum. These are heavy duty and well made. Really reasonably priced. I love em!
Use this for my desk mic at home. It hold my mic right where I want it and doesn't move from where I place it. Worth every penny and then some.
I loved it very much. It is very sturdy and stable. It holds my shockmount with my Audio Technica AT2020 just perfectly and it does an amazing job.
Not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. Solid heavy base. Well built. Does the job of holding a mic. No more, no less.
I bought this stand to mic a kick drum. It's too tall for lining the mic up with my port-- even at it's shortest setting. Still, it's well-constructed and would make a good desk-top mic mount. I like On Stage stuff. Good value, and good function.
I've used several different kinds of strings over several years playing. I'm no expert, but these strings sound good to me.  Subtle differences with different styles of strings, so its a preference thing.  If you havent tried em, they're worth a shot.
I only needed one string, but it works fine.  These are good strings, but not 5 stars good.  And I have spares for later or to share.
I enjoy this product and I definitely use them on my acoustic! They are good strings! Highly recommended! Enjoy them!
These (and the extra lights) are great strings.  They felt so good on the guitar after the old set that I had.  Now I'm stuck replacing them often because I love the feeling of new strings.  They play great, have nice action and tone.  I use them on a Yamaha acoustic and the two together sound great.
These are excellent strings for the price and I will buy them again.  Martin is a name that means quality.
martins are no doubt, excellent strings. The light strings carry excellent deep tone and are not to hard on my fingers.
These strings sound great on an acoustic when properly tuned, I bought these at a local shop after looking at a different brand. The owner of the shop reccomended them as part of a setup. I like the lighter sounds out of them, and using a capo makes them sound great also. These seem significantly brighter and more dynamic than my previous set of Ernie Ball strings and I am planning on trying them out on another guitar soon.They seem to stay in tune more than other strings and also take to bending well. I use them on an electric acoustic and I am happy with the sound when i play through an amp.
heres where you get those strings.I got 3 sets of strings on amazon for the local music store wanted for 1 set
For the price of these strings, you can't go wrong. However, compared to Elixers, the sound just isn't as &#34;full.&#34;
these strings are great for the price, they sound nice and are pretty long lasting but dont last or sound as nice as higher end strings but who cares when the strings are affordable. these strings are great for people are starting because its cheaper and its not a big deal when you break a lot of strings.
The Martin M140 strings are good strings.  They play well and last reasonably well.  I change strings about every 2 to 4 months and play about an hour a day.  These strings lasted abotu 2 and a half months before they started to sound flat.  They did stay in tune well the whole time I had them on my guitar.  I had them on my Yamaha FG700S.
Come on now these are Ernie Ball strings what can I say that hasn't been said a 1000 time already there the best buy them
I like Ernie Ball strings. They are less expensive and seem to retain their integrity longer than the other brands I tried. I change strings every two weeks. I tried the rest and returned to the best.
lovely strings  for rhythm guitarist, special i'm using it for reggae skanks rhythm and it sounds warm and scream... thanks
I purchased a 12 for the price of 10 pack of these from Musician's Friend. I've used Elixirs for years and decided to try regular strings again. This 12 pack was about the same price as 2-3 packs of Elixirs. So far I am very happy with these strings. They sound and feel great.
I've been using these strings for many years. They hold their tune for a long time and have a nice, rich on the low end, sparkly on  the high end tone. Quality has always been very consistent. I play classic rock, 90's alternative, modern country, blues, and 80's metal on Les Pauls, Strats, Teles, Rickenbackers, and Gretsch's. Live and in the studio, these strings work for everything.
I always used another company's strings and avoided Ernie Ball strings. Now I don't know why. After using these I am very happy with the quality and tone I get from each set.
As cheap as these strings were, I am pleasantly surprised with the results achieved.I picked up an old, cheap electric guitar that needed some work.  It had been dropped on it's head.After repairing and playing it, it still sounded like crap so I had these strings, they were cheap and I put them on.  Only took about 5 minutes to restring and was well worth the effort.Okay, the guitar (and I am too embarrassed to give the brand) isn't my Gibson Les Paul or my Fender American Strat, but damn, it sounds good now.  If I didn't have so many guitars, I might keep this one but I will probably sell it to make room for another.These were well worth the few dollars I spent on them.  Honestly, I won't restring my Fender with them, I'll use the Fender 250 bullets.  But these are great for about any electric.  With guitars, crappy strings kill it.  Great strings can make a bad guitar okay, not great.I will continue buying and using these on my lower end guitars but will spend the few extra bucks on my high end guitars.
Oh man am i glad I found this deal, no more $8.00 for strings anymore, there the exact same as you would get from the store, delivered through USPS, dont have to go anywhere, how cool is that, 5 out of 5 Stars, but of course, its ERNIE BALL.
I have never been let down by Ernie Ball strings. They produce a bright clear sound and for every other string in their price range they are the best way to go. I only use them and I have been playing for a decade.They stay in tune forever and have a warm sound characteristic of nickle strings.Whenever I buy a new guitar and change out the factory strings I am always shocked at how much better my instrument sounds.
I've been using Slinky's for so long now, I honestly don't see me using any other brand ever again. They are tough, well made, and simply work and sound great....do what everyone else does and try them out and see for yourself what a difference a great string makes to your playing!
These just sound great. Huge upgrade from the stock factory strings on our beginner Ibanez electric guitar. Good stuff, will certainly come back for more when the time comes. Cheap for what you get, and a nice sonic upgrade with a great feel.
Slinky is used by tons of professionals because they work well and endure rough playing.These strings are pretty much an upgrade from any factory strings.change yours now.
It had been a while since I had some EB's. Best packaging I have seen and for the price, don't order just one pack. Very pleased, always have a spare pair in your case.
i must re order soon because i broke one string yesterday, these are the best strings i've ever had i love them and may bands use them too
Ernie Ball is the standard for guitar strings. I tried switching to some other strings for a few years such as the GHS boomers and D'Addario. I have to say, I only had a pack of Slinky Strings during my last setup and I'm glad that's what I used because they play great and sound amazing.
Been using this brand of strings since 1971,I've always been pleased. I like the super slinks as well. Love um
I've tried several different strings on electric, and Ernie Ball Slinkys are the only ones I really trust on all of my guitars.  The fact that they also happen to be among the cheapest strings you can find is a nice bonus.  But they sound great, and are far less prone to breakage than other brands I have tried.  The 9's are super fast and easy to bend, but I've started using 10's more often on my Strats, which creates an even more robust sound.  They're an industry standard for a reason - you don't need 15 dollar strings!
Standard 10-46 nickel wound set- great for most general purpose playing- like rock, blues, country, what ever. Some more advanced players might prefer boutique strings like DR, but these are good for most folks!
I typically play D'Addario .010's, but I wanted to see what all the fuss was about with these. Well I gotta say, I'm not stricken with disbelief at these, but they are very nice. Overall I would say that they feel about the same as my D'Addario strings, but if the price is right I wouldn't mind a substitution every now and again. They DO bend very nicely, obviously your guitar's scale length and your ability to bend strings may vary.
This was a much needed purchase because my son being a new musician is going through the guitar strings.  He found just what he needed and at a great price.
These strings are Great! They Last for a real long time. They even include free picks  which is so cool. I Defiantly recommend them for everybody else!!!
beautiful tone and durable string, nice tension,  very good for bends, sweep picking and rakes. Did I mentioned great value?
These have always been my favorite strings, and I've just about tried them all. Everything from elixirs, fenders, gibson, dunlop, and everything in between; I always end up coming back to ernie ball one way or another. Whether it be regular slinky or my ambitious not even slinky *they are a set of 12s* Overall great strings, never had a break on me, last long, sound pretty good too.
My favorite strings for about 3 years now, i like the feel and the sound of this set. I use this strings with an Ibanez RG Custom with Dimarzios. Love it.
The fact of the price for this and the 18 cent shipping is pretty damn good Because I have 2 Silverstone SS-11's and a stratocaster and I took parts of of one ss-11 to fix the other then I bought these strings for it Fixed it up And now that guitar sounds better and less (Buzzy) than the strat Also pretty cool how it came with free picks which is nice becuase I lose them alot and one side of my thumb feels like a brick and the other side feels like a pillow Anyways great product nice little thank you note and free picks and REALLY cheap shipping I will buy more later to fix my other guitar when I get the bridge nuts replaced
Bought these for my friend, he asked for these exact strings.  His guitar always sounds awesome, and I always ask his advice for musical products.  I even sound OK when I play his guitar, so I say try em out.
These are awesome strings! I put a set on my Strat and Tele. They offer a clean sound, feel good and can hold their own on a tremoo dive and a mad bend. I will be using this model and brand as long as they make them!Get them!
For the money, you cannot beat these strings. I change strings every other time I play a show (about once a month) and these always last, and sound good. Perfect for Ibanez guitars with special tuning.
Whether you're a beginner, or have been playing for a long time, you can never go wrong with Ernie Ball strings.
Ernie Ball 2223 Super Slinky Electric Strings -.009-.042 set is very good opportunity to replace the original strings on your new guitar.Recommend it.
These strings are great for all sorts of playing styles. I bought a set of 9's and 10's and I also have some D'Addario 11's. The 9's are super slinky just like the name says. They're great for quick movement around the fret board. My only complaint is that they are at times too thin sounding. I play a lot of rock, and sometimes these just don't pack a punch like the 10's or 11's do. All in all though, these are great strings, and I will definitely continue to buy Ernie Ball, I'll probably opt for 10's or 11's though.
Good cheap strings for guitar. Hard to beat the price. I am not an expert on guitar strings. So I hope that helps.
I have an Epiphone es-339 and recently put these strings on it.Oh man do they sound nice. It's like I got a whole new guitar once I threw these on.Still sound good after a few weeks and they are very nice and bendy.Slinkkkkkkyyyy... :D
Very clean very bright strings i use these on my strat and it feels good and sounds amazing. if you want to use these strings for distortion you're an idiot these are something i could imagine david gilmore using
A great deal on what I consider the best all purpose guitar strings out there. Do the big names in the music biz use Ernie Ball strings? Yes, and for good reason. While it is true that you can attain a fatter sound with the heavier gauge variety, I have found that for my USA Stratocaster, that the ease of play with the &#34;9&#34; strings is the clincher -- and they provide an amazingly full sound, with no stress on the fingers at all.
I do like these strings. Had a few packs of these from Christmas. Opened up one recently and the .009 string or 1st string "Was Not" in there. Next time I'm gonna have to open up the package to make sure they're all in there, should measure them too. Didn't open them to keep them sealed until I was ready to use them, no more.
My guitar playing wife loves her super slinky strings. They sound wonderful and cost very little. What's not to love?
These are my favorite strings to use on my American Strat!  They feel great, sound great, and are extremely cheap!  I would definately recommend these strings to any electric guitar user... buy a pack and try them out!  For less than $4, you can see if they work well for you!
These strings honestly aren't for rhythm. They bend too easily, making rhythm playing impossible. On the plus side, for soloing, you can't go wrong with these. Honestly, I would get the Hybrid Slinkys over these.
I've been using this brand of strings for years. The super slinkys sound great. The 9 gauge is very easy to bend and on a good guitar will also sustain well. They last a long time if you wipe down after use. Better yet, get the Big Bends string cleaning wipes to increase the life of your strings.
I have a 5 watt combo amp.  I was looking for a smoother sound, and got it in this tube.  It lacks the brutal attack of the Sovtek and the all around bright articulate response of the NOS RCA gray plate I tried for over a year, but I'm really liking this sound for what it is.  I think a tube amp ought to be warm and musical, with nice natural compression, and that's what I'm getting out of this JJ.
I'll re rate this item if my problem is fixed but maybe this is normal??  I have a Vox ac30hw2x and I put this jj 12ax7 into v1.  I have a significant volume/gain reduction now.  I know it's the tube because I can put the stock ruby back into v1 and the volume/gain is back.  I haven't checked yet but I'd say there is a 40-50% loss in volume.  I was thinking maybe this is a higher headroom tube?? It's not stamped to be one so that's why I'm confused.  Is it typical of JJ to have more headroom? I'm not digging this tube so far so back in goes the Ruby.
Without going to extremes and spending two-hundred bucks on an NOS tube from 1957, I recommend for us frugal individuals to go the cheaper route until you get your first platinum hit.JJ's tubes are well-trusted and have become the defacto standard when selecting quality and tested reliability.BTW - 12AXT and ECC83 are the same tube.I can't remember the last time I had a JJ tube go microphonic beyond control.I have played full time for over 27 years. I use these.Hope this helps.
Popped one of these into my Hartke LH500 Bass Head it it sounds great....the stock tube was sounding a bit harsh and this one sounds a bit cleared and more defined....nice tube,
I bought these when I had to re-tube my Marshall JCM800 2203KK head. This is the only tube head I have played or had so I really cant tell you how they compare to other brands but these things rock. They are very good for metal/hard rock and have lasted a year now, while gigging and practicing weekly. I was recommended to JJ by a friend who only uses them and I will likely be doing the same. I paired them with the JJ KT88s and these things just rock.
I own a Fender '65 Reverb Reissue, and I had learned from many guitar gurus and such that the best tubes that sound amazing are very, very difficult to find. However, I bought this JJ Electronics one expecting something decent to tide me through until I had enough money to afford a higher-end tube, and this blew me away. I was surprised at how good the tone of the amp was and how it made my guitar sound.This was well worth the small amount of money that I paid for it. In fact, I think I will just go ahead and keep using this permanently until it's almost dead before I purchase another tube.
Throw this bad boy in anything and it will make a world of difference, particularly if the tube being replaced was a cheap tube.
Most 12AX7 tubes do what the electrical engineers say they should. Psychoacoustics being what it is, I can't honestly tell you, for sure, Electro-Harmonix tubes are measurably better than the no-name Chinese tubes I replace. But I THINK the Electro-Harmonix tubes sound better, therefore they do. At $12 per shot, who cares? I suppose I could contrive a double-blind experiment to settle the existential question empirically, but I'd rather spend my time playing. Rest assured Electro-Harmonix is GOOD stuff and the price is right. Just do it.  ;-)
I like the tone of this one better than the stock one in my Champ and in my Kustom Kontender. Also, I like it more than the JJ, but the difference is subtle. The JJ version seems to be a bit brighter and slightly more noise (in a good way, but not what I want for me).
Received a new 500w Hartke 2x10 bass combo at church, tube pre and ss power amp. The preamplifier has one 12AX7. It was an EH. It went very microphonic after about ten hours playing time. After talking to Larry Hartke, decided I got a bad tube. He would not send a warranty replacement. My suggestion - new stock tubes are probably not tested prior to installation. Replace all stock tubes with tested tubes from someone like Doug's tubes, tube depot, eurotubes, or some other reputable tube vendor. I don' t trust ebay tubes and won't spend the hard earned cash on NOS. Replaced with a JJ, but should have used a Tungsol reissue.
Like the previous reviewer, I bought this to switch out the stock one that came in my mic preamp, and it just did wonders to warm the sound. Only problem is, now I am eyeing my amp, all it's tubes, and thinking... if one little adjustment made such a difference in a pre-amp, imagine what some of these will do in my fender! Sigh! Always something!Anyway, this is great! I am sure I will get more!
I bought this and am very satisfied with the quality and construction. One of the features I like is that it just doesn't take up too much room, and can be placed in its carrying bag which makes it wasy to store.Over all a nice easy to use poratble music stand.
The music stand is perfect for the keyboard I am playing.  It is strong, height flexible and hold the music sheets firmly.
Light weight... great for travel... it is perfect for what it is. It is adjustable for standing and sitting. Holds sheet music as it is intended to do. Came with a GREAT little travel bag. Folds up and sets up comfortably and easily.
I would say this stand is for the occasional user who doesn't put more weight than a few sheets of paper on it.The top part is not secured. It just slides on the tip of the tripod. Pick it up and carry it around, it'll come apart and scratch your Stradivarius.The foot is horrible: It sort of hooks in place with a little clamp. That means, you get ONE position. And that one doesn't look like it will live very long.Comes in a pouch, which helps to put it away.Spend more if you can.
Amazingly sturdy for the $.  It isn't as sturdy as some, but it probably is the sturdiest of the truly collapsible stands.  It folds up very nicely.  I'd buy it again.
It's as good as it looks. With that in mind, it's perfect. It's not very sturdy if you're using it outdoors and it's windy but hey, what do you expect from the way it looks?
It works great,it keeps my music in order.I am able to see my music.This has been a very useful tool.
The Rat has been used by everyone from David Gilmour to Dave Grohl to give you a grasp of its range.  It does everything from light crunch, to Marshall-style thick rhythms, to all out face-melting distortion.Rich harmonics, near infinite sustain, and a mid-range push that will cut through a mix like no other distortion pedal.This pedal has not left my board since the day I bought it.  The fact that it's built like a tank ensures it's going to be around a long time after my playing days are over.
This is what all distortion pedals are judged by.  Adds thick creamy distortion, enhances harmonics, and maintains great attack and definition.  Sounds awesome.  True bypass.
I have one one these from the 80's back home, and when I was looking for a new peddle, I found this was still the best around. I remember searching for the right peddle back in the 80's and going through dozens of them before settling on the Rat. And it's exactly the same... Simple, sturdy and its settings are perfect from crunch to blistering distorted sustain. I run it through all manner of amps - including Marshalls, Vox, and even Crate, both tube and transistor, and with a few quick easy adjustments I get exactly what I'm looking for no matter the box.I'm an old school player - meaning I want my sound to come from the guitar and amp instead of processors. This is just an enhancement to my sound, and not the basis of it... though I expect anyone will get what they want from this baby.
This pedal is exactly what I have been looking for since three years ago when I started performing. The distortion on this is deep, has long sustain, and has a nice tone to it that the classic Boss DS-1 pedal does not have. It's perfect for a great sound, from heavy rhythm guitar chugging to fat, bruising solos.I love this pedal and have been using constantly ever since I got it.However, word of fair warning: the pedal itself uses a +9V power charge rather than the typical guitar f/x pedal -9V (barrel jack. Look at the power supply of a Boss pedal to see what I am talking about. This ProCo RAT Pedal does NOT use that). If you buy this pedal, you will have to do one of four things:1) Buy the power supply made specifically for this pedal.2) Consistently use and replace batteries.3) Find a converter from barrel jack to 3.5mm jack.4) Be an electrical engineer and rewire it yourself.Other than the above, excellent pedal!
After playing digital equipment for years I recently got into analog (pun intended) starting with an overdrive pedal.I had always heard a lot about the RAT and I wanted to try it out.I played a Boss DS1 at a store and thought it was a decent distortion but found it too trebly and thin.The Rat with all the knobs on 12 oclock sounds like a great rock amp. Like a perfect marshall but with more organic-ness. It really has its own tone I must add. Fat, thick, smooth and saturated. It responds to picking very well and organically.As you move the distortion knob higher, the sounds gets more and more animal. Very thick and "furry". The tone filter knob also is a very strong influence on the sound. With lower settngs the tone becomes more trebly and smooth and with higher settings it gets closer to fuzz. Very nice.A nice pedal to have to be sure.
I love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. It helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. It's built to last and solid as a rock. I love the different dirt it gets combined with my MXR Carbon Copy nooned across the board. Insanity! I love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. Last distortion pedal you'll ever need.
I love this, now I don't have to find my pick.I bought one and this is my second one for my another guitar.I also purchased an extra one as a gift for my friend.
This holder is spring loaded so it makes inserting and removing picks easy. It has a little sticky tab on the back so you can stick it to something (such at the side of back of your instrument) so you always know where your picks are and always have them on hand. I don't know exactly how many it holds, and the thickness of the picks makes a difference, but I've crammed quite a few of varying sizes in here without issues.
bought roughly 5 of these...i like them and my playing buddy likes them...has a sticky bottom if you want to peal off the paper and stick on table etc.i keep one in each case..enjoy
I am buying several more to mount on assorted amplifiers for practice room and studio.  On stage, I prefer microphone boom holders.
My son finds that this holder comes in handy when storing his picks. He says it's easy to use and finds no difficulty removing his picks from the holder. Highly recommend!
I ordered the one in the photo, with brown sides and got a standard black one.  I have the black one on my Fender Stratocaster and wanted the brown one for my acoustic.  Unfortunately they sent the wrong one but I'll use it anyway.  It's also not the same size as the one in the photo, much wider.I wish I had the right one as the one I got doesn't match the guitar.  I know if I put up a fuss they would send the right one, but it would cost more to send this back than I paid for it.I will say that these are a must have if you're tired of searching for picks.  Finish playing, slide your pick into this and it's there when you play again.
Have not had the chance to stick it to my guitar. So it is just used as a pick holder so my picks have some places to go. Can hold up to 11 picks of .50 thickness. I use Tortex Guitar Pick of that thickness.
Easy to use - it was easy to put the picks in and to take the picks out of it.
It a simple holder that it's really good to make sure that you will not be out of picks when you need then!
I like this so much, I bought 4 and going back for more. Spring loaded pick holder holds about 20 to 25 picks. There is a peel and stick on the back to attach it to a guitar strap or behind the headstock.  I Keep one in each guitar case. I am ordering more for stocking stuffers for my musician friends. Fill them up with your favorite picks and no more searching for a pick.
Well-conceived, spring loaded slot holes multiple picks.  It is small and can be affixed (self-adhering) to the guitar near the bridge so you always have picks handy when you are ready to play.  Inexpensive solution and quite handy.
This Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder work good. For an in expense product. It is want I need for travel. Little hard to put picks in but OK
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this pick holder!  This is the second pick holder like this, that I have purchased (for different family members).
Has a double stick tape so you can place it in a handy place. Easy to reach and nice to have on hand.
I bought one of these for a friend of mine, and he said it was the best thing he'd ever used to keep his picks out where he can readily get to them. I bought two more today.
I liked the fact i can insert more than 5 picks and they really stand tight and don't fall down. But the original glue was not string enought and the holder has fallen on the ground.
Great product.  I have ordered 6 or 7 or these.
All three of my kids have a guitar. They were always losing their picks. This pick holder is the neatest thing I have seen in a while! All of their picks fit snugly in it and it has adhesive on the back of it so it stuck nicely to the guitar. I highly recommend this pick holder to anyone who needs help keeping up with their guitar picks!
A little bigger than my other pick holder, so the pics aren't as fluid sliding in and out. Great price though.
I lose picks so easily I needed a pick hold.  This one sticks well to the guitar.  Locating a spot for it depends on you and your guitar.  Unless you keep it full of picks it will rattle. So I push one or two extra picks partly in the holder to stop it.  I might try it somewhere on the strap.
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter to help her keep up with her picks.  She loves it and is doing much better with not losing pics.  I stuck this on her amp so she would not mis-place it.
It serves its purpose.  Doesn't hold as many pick as I expected.  Looking back, can't see why I really need it.  A plastic bag does fine.  In fact, I don't think I've ever used after the first time I put the picks in it.  I just use the excess picks I put in a ziplock bag.
I've never had these before until recently. I ordered a set and it worked so well that I BOUGHT a couple more. The couple more that came in had a wider slot on them. I thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until I started moving some PICS AROUND. Turns out the wider opened ones might work but not as well. This Picks fall out way easier than the smaller slotted ones.
NO MORE misplaced or lost picks!  This handy little device will fit perfectly in any out-of-the-way spot on your instrument.
I have one of these on my guitar and one on my ukulele. I can't imagine life without this pick holder -- before I was always losing picks and then I had to strum with my fingers which I don't like doing. Get one of these if you play with a pick!
I always have problem finding pick when I need them, and this product helps me solve the issue. It is easy to use.
By far the best to use on the neck of any guitar or bass.  Applies easily and what is not absorbed between frets, wipes right up.  A must to keep wood looking fresh.
I'd say if you own a guitar with a rosewood fretboard, this should be a mandatory purchase for your prized possession. Just one bottle of this should last years and years. I also like the fact it utilizes a dabber to prevent spills and accidents. I used this the other night to &#34;feed&#34; the rosewood on my Telecaster, and this difference was night and day.
Its really secure far as not spilling out of the bottle. The only bad thing is you have to squeeze really hard to get the oil out.
I've had an old beginner Ukulele sitting in a closet for years.  I have much nicer ones now and decided that rather than lend them out for playing I'd fix up this beginner uke as a loaner.  I took off the strings and realized how dull and dry looking the fret board had become.  I used this product and it really soaked it up fast.  Now it looks beautiful again.  Very satisfied with how it worked.
It's oil....what more do you want?Turn upside down, squeeze hard, use your &#34;man&#34; level strength and soon the tip will darken, apply liberally to your fret board in a back and forth motion. IMMEDIATELY wipe your fret board clean just to take the wet look away. Let sit for a few hours then dry rest of the way rubbing with cloth.It's okay to soak the wood as long as it's momentary. Don't saturate the fretboard and walk away, wood absorbs oil, too much oil absorbed = fretboard wood becoming swollen and buckling, losing shape and flatness. Not a good situation.Lemon oil isn't like other oils, it isn't very slippery and kind of makes things grabby. It's oil but it actually works more like a solvent, cleaning things and making them sqeaky clean....like your frets...hint hint.Just be sure to buff off all the excess and put a little string lubricant on your frets before you re-string and you'll be a happy camper.
I love this stuff. I've tried many fretboard and string cleaners but this one works the best. And in case you are wondering, it comes with a cloth cap attached to the bottle under the twist off cap so all you have to do is turn the bottle upside down and clean away. You may need an additional cloth in the beginning to wipe off the excess liquid because the bottle is full when you first get it (of course). I highly recommend this product.
This will make your fretboard smile!  It takes a dry, faded, fretboard and makes it look like new.  A few dabs goes a long way so this 4 ounce bottle should last you a long time.  If your fretboard is really dry & faded, apply heavily and allow it soak in.  Continue applying until the board stops absorbing and then wipe dry.  I was amazed at how this made a dull & faded 40 year old Fender fretboard came back to life.
I have quite a few guitars and I like to keep them clean and polished. This stuff is great for my fretboard and I use it every time I change the strings.
Lemon has been known for quite some generations to be a good cleaning solvent because of its acidic nature and this certainly does the job. As the label warns: do NOT to use on Maple-wood frets (mostly Fender strats) due to the softer & lighter quality. It is only for the harder, darker woods like mahogany (which I have) or ebony (high quality - i.e. expensive - used best for fretless). The solution is perfect, but the applicator (attached to the neck of the bottle) could be better. I would rather take the neck applicator out and apply lightly using a 100% cotton cloth.This solution has been made specifically for use on guitars, though I think you could find a similar lemon oil cleaner cheaper at local stores. It's only 4-oz, but what little is used each time, this bottle should last the guitar owner his/her life.
This is a lemon oil used for cleaning and conditioning the rosewood fingerboards of guitars. This only gets done once a year on the average guitar, so if you're like me, this one bottle will supply you for many lifetimes. Other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. The applicator contains a dispensing valve so push down hard to open it when you want the oil to flow.The label says NOT to use this product on maple fingerboards. Doesn't say why, but my guess is it will discolor them, so be forewarned.
for the price you can't really beat this little amp, the only down fall is that at full volume with the gain up, the little speaker gets kinda muddy, but for a bright clean tone it works well, the tone controle offers a well rounded array of tones and the gain is great from a blues to metal tone of gain.the headphones input just is handy when wanting to play into the wee hours of the morning without disturbing anybody, but with the headphones hooked up you can really hear the digital sound it makes... but for the money it's a great buy
not bad, if you dont use any batteryand use a 9vdc adapter thingie...make sure thingie outputs at least500 mA if you can ...tried mic, bass, and electric guitar and keyboardsthru this thing...all workand the distortion control... mostlly notnecessary for me, but others will find thatcontrol  is use ful too...it is a cutie and works for fun,and u might get loudness around 90 dBA onsome frequencies...  not bad at all...even got a headphone connect on it forlate nite playing...a good thing. for the price it is worth...
This is a cool little amp. Sure it's really nothing to write home about but I like being able to take My Strat and just sit somewhere and jam without having to have a Generator to supply the power to conventional Amps. I wouldn't perform with it but great for personal use........
I 'm obviously not a &#34;Techie&#34;.  I couldn't understand how my delightful, and so neat, little toy wouldn't work... until I found out that the battery was wrapped in cellophane - A-ha!To be fair I must explain that the battery was already installed in the tiny little amp when it arrived, so I didn't look too closely at it.  But of course when I couldn't get it to work for me, I soon discovered the problem.This product is the neatest, sweetest little delight for the eyes...and will astound you with it's capacity to roar out your music when turned up fully and respond immediately to your slightest touch on it's sweet little knobs to sound out your music from there and down to a whisper,  whenever you require it to.The sound from the speaker is as clear as a bell...no static at all...Truly an amazing little gadget... attractive, so portable and does the job of one twice, or more,  of it's size.
DI bass is the worst. Just really, really awful. Every ordinary DI box I've tried yields this thin, cheap treble sound that does not present my bass in its most flattering light. So when I started playing live weekly, I just hauled my bass amp around to each gig, because it was out of the question that I would rely on a weird sounding DI box to carry the day.I live in Phoenix. I made it through about two months of lugging a monstrous bass amp across town in 115 degree weather before I decided there had to be another way.When I first got this pedal, I would run it parallel with the amp, terrified to rely entirely on this little box for my sound. After a few performances, I let go and left the amp at home. The Bass Attack pedal did not disappoint. Ever since, I just bring a bass and this pedal. Running straight into the board through this thing delivers a magnificently huge bass sound. I don't miss the amp at all.I did spend an entire evening the night this pedal arrived, just tweaking knobs until it was perfect. You'll want to dial in exactly the right sound for your bass, and some of the settings I tried were less than ideal for my instrument. But once I got it locked in, I've never touched the knobs again. I just plug in and everything sounds magical.
I rated it at 5 stars because 5 stars means &#34;I Love it&#34; in Amazon's selection of things .  I do love it.  In fact I think it is better than my Sans Amp Bass DI which costs more.  Don't get me wrong, the Sans Amp is still great.  I just find this easier to dial in, it is durable and seems a bit more lively sounding than the previously mentioned preamp.  The only down side is that it doesn't come with an AC power adapter.  That isn't a problem for me since I have many power options on my pedal boards.  This takes the standard negative polarity center like Boss pedals.If you have been playing bass for a while, you know that no matter how good your bass rig is, you can make it better by putting a decent tone shaping booster in front of your amp...that being said............I am in my 50s and I play mostly guitar hero music like Robin Trower, SRV, Hendrix, Yes, Rush, and lots of blues and southern rock etc etc............. the fun old rock n roll stuff.Like the Sans Amp, putting this in front of any bass amp only makes the bass sound better. You can easily get the live Chris Squier or Geddy Lee sound. The older style full deep bass bluesy rock sound is simple.  The tone that I love to dial in is that old 3 piece rock band sound from years past. Think of Mel from Grand Funk Railroad or old James Gang in the Joe Walsh Days, Johnny winter, and the Cream........ that over driven cranked Ampeg or Fender tube bass amp sound that filled in exceptionally well in a 3 piece power band.I am running this into an Ampeg Bass combo and I have run it directly to the front of house sound system and the sound is fabulous.  Playing bass is a side gig for me since I am mainly a lead guitarist........  I let my bassist try it (he also uses a Sans Amp Bass DI at our gigs) and he immediately went online and purchased one.He is another cool use for this pedal.  If you are a guitarist, put it in front of your guitar amp.  The punch and power that you add to your sound is incredible.  Try it.
These Strings sell for about half the price than the store, so it worth the effort and wait to order these from Amazon.The strings came very quickly and are of very good quality.
These were great. I can't brag on them enough. I AM however an electric gitty player primarily. I just use an acoustic when on trips and for couch songwriting.
I use these strings on my practice guitar because the smaller strings are easier on my fingers. I can play all day without my fingers hurting and they still sound good.
I normally buy D'Addario Strings here. I buy the .011 or .012 strings.  This is my first time playing Ernie Ball since I first began learning.  When I first started on guitar I put .009 electric Ernie Ball on my acoustic so I could handle the pain and keep learning.  Then I went to D'Addario strings.  I wanted to try these since the under $5 price is good.They sound nice.  They don't sound as crisp as the D'Addario strings. They sound more mellow and not as BOLD.  They are 80/20 and I prefer those to the other strings out there.  I can't say I love them or I hate them.  I will probably stick with D'Addario since I don't find any difference in them.  I bought some other Ernie Ball strings on Amazon that I will try soon. For the price I would buy these strings at least once to test out and see how you feel about them.  I don't think they sound bad and if they do, it did not cost much to test them.  enjoy
I got a pair of these strings in early august, i still have them, but being as doubtful as i am, i just bought an extra pair from this seller ( who shipped amazingly fast, it got here in about 3 days!)any ways, the strings stay bright for a long time, don't/have not lost there color yet/rusted (after a little more than four months)and they are everything a guitar player looks for in strings. i do a lot of string bends and these have just held up to it. I have a B.C Rich SOB Avenge, so i can't tell you what its like with a tremolo, but i just like them. I have tried out GHS, First act, Dunlop, and D'addario's and these are the only ones that have last for so long with out showing any signs of significant wear.
I love these strings, they never stop amazing me! ... wether you use them for electric or acoustic they always work well, clean bright tones and heavy riff giving, these strings last and work well.. I've never tried another type of strings and I don't think I will
Great strings. They last longer than some of the others and easy to re-string the guitarother brands do not seem to stand up to Ernie Balls
At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. These strings also are good for Les Pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the Fender guitars, making bending like velvet.
These perform well on single coils, specifically Telecasters.  Right now I switch back and forth between Power and Beefy, with Fenders being my next choice followed by D'Addario.
I've used all sorts of strings over the years, and generally aim for GHS strings. However, these Power Slinky strings are great. I've not broken one yet, and the 11-48 is a good gauge. Heavy, powerful, and they sound nice and soulful when played. I may become a lifelong Ernie Ball user after using these strings.
I replaced the strings on my electric and tuned it. . . once.normally, after tuning new strings for the first time, I break them in by rigorously bending them, using the whammy bar and tugging on them then I re-tune them. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. not with these strings. tuned them once, no breaking in.it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. they also sound good with any settings I use.i bought two sets.
I bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. He says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. I purchase these strings a lot for my son...you can't beat the price for these quality guitar strings. An added plus...they're made in the USA.
Admittedly, I don't use these on my high end stuff, I use these on my cheap axes to bang on.  Why?  The are strong, durable, and sound good.  The tone isn't as pure as some other strings on the market but for the cost, they do the job.  The really good strings I typically have to change often, as I like a light string.These hold up well, taking a good bend and beating.If you have a teenager who isn't light with the pick, or if you have something you tend to get very aggressive with, these are perfect..5 stars for what they are.
I definitely enjoy these and I highly recommend them! They are used by other artists that approve of them! Slash from Guns n' Roses uses them.
i been using these for over thirty years and they have always served me well.I like 11s because for me it has a nice balance between strong steady sounding power chords while the top end is slinky enough to play leads hence the Power Slinky name.
They were a little too much for the Squier Bullet I put them on, even with the truss rod maxed out they bowed the neck.While I had em on though they played well and bent relatively easy for their thickness. More metal moving over a guitar pickup = hotter sound, more gain, and on a Stratocaster more glass and bell like tones.I've used Ernie Ball's Slinky line of strings almost exclusively for decades. They never break, they stay in tune after stretching, and they sound great. Lots of harmonics make for a textured and musical sound.Fun fact: Get yourself a mandrel for sizing rings and you can turn your old guitar strings into custom made jewlery. There is something to be said for giving a pretty ring that used to make a pretty sound RINGing out of your amplifier. :) A little silver lead free solder to hold several windings together and then buffed and they look excellent. :)
worked for me. Got no complaints over these. Very smooth and lasted me a while. Love Ernie Ball strings, they are the only ones I get
These sound good on my electrics. The best sound I got was on my LP. Good sustain and strings are staying in tune well.
I'll try to review the strings and not the instrument but that's kinda hard for me to do. I've been playing guitar since my Dad bought me a $7.00, unknown acoustic 46 years ago. That should make me about 58. He put some brand new humpty duty Black Diamond strings on it which pulled the neck up to where the strings sat around 6" off the fretboard. Well, they weren't very close anyway. The neck had no way to adjust it so imagine learning to play using heavy gauge Black Diamond strings a ways from the fretboard. I didn't know any better so I thought it was normal for the blood dripping off my bent crooked fingertips.Since then I've been through a multitude of guitars and strings. I always wanted a Les Paul but my playing never improved enough to justify $2000.00 - $4000.00. I started reading reviews on the Epiphone Les Paul 100 for $249.00 and they were running from 4.5 - 5 stars. I finally, after much self convincing, bought the ebony through Amazon. I've owned Strats, Telecasters, cheapies, an Alvarez I think. I unpacked it out of the box, did a little tuning and this is absolutely, the most beautiful, sweetest thing I've ever held in my life, (except for the little lady of course). No kidding, I recommend this guitar to anyone even if it cost a couple of grand.Strings: The ones that came on there sounded great. I didn't put it down for a couple of weeks. Sounds great in the bathroom, good acoustics. I finally got the best out of that set of strings. I always use Ernie Ball on everything. They've got a wrench to fit every nut in the house. I saw some Hybrids on Amazon and had never heard of them. I bought a pack of them along with some Super Slinkys, Regular Slinkys, Earthwood Silk & Steels. I put the Hybrids on the new Les Paul. They made it sound even better than it was. Chuck Barry, The Ventures, Clapton, set the LP and Fender amp right and the sound is just as good. The lower strings have a wonderful rich tone, they're fairly heavy but easy on the fingers. The high strings will talk to you. I can bend the g-string easier than a Super Slinky. This is the only guitar I've used them on but they sound great. I imagine I'll stick with them for this machine from now on. Of course Amazon is always 5 stars in my book.
I lke these strings very much. They bend quite a bit and are very easy to use. However, they tend to come untuned because they're so susceptible to temperature and humidity.
I bought these to beef up the bottom end of a Telecaster that came from the factory with a set of Fender 9's that topped out at .042 on the low E, which is just too small for good twangy bass.  I've been using them for a few months now and haven't broken one even though I can bend the high E to touch the D string.  I use D'Addarios on my other guitars but tried these Ernie Balls just for the hybrid mix and there isn't a whole lot of difference.  D'Addario sells a similar set called EXL125 so maybe I'll try those next but for now these are good.
the only strings I get are Ernie Ball strings. Really reliable, great sound, got no complaints here really. Ernie Ball knows how to do strings
There's another brand out there that is almost identical in construction and quality and costs less.  Don't buy the high rated chrome capped one's, I had problems with those.  This one is good just that I regret paying so much for it.
I finally bought into the Monster Cable hype; albeit with a 6' practice cable. I CAN honestly tell a difference. That difference being silence; no abnormal hissing or popping that I got from my other, cheaper cables. This isn't the top-of-the-line Monster, but still a step up from what I'd been using. I'll definitely upgrade my longer cables to Monster, and may even see how the expensive one sounds (a short one 1st, of course!).
Monster Standard instrument cable is amazingly good for the price. It's flexible (unlike some of their more expensive cable), quiet, solid, and durable. It's much more transparent to tone than many other more expensive cables. For the money, it's really hard to beat. I won't waste money on the more expensive cables again.
these are great cables but i gave it a four because i after playing the cheap rotosound cables i learned they are just as good and are only 3 bucks. still a great cable and these sound slightly better than rotosound but thats if you are super observant because their isnt much of a difference.
It's made by monster cable. Need I say more? Of course it's a great cable, and being able to change the rubber band on the ends is nice to identify which cable is which.
Great cable for patching in and rocking out. It is also low noise and very suitable for recording as well. 100% Recommend to anyone looking for a good quality (without an over the top price) cable!!
My daughter has been using these strings for many years now and they work great. Excellent price and product is as described and price was right.
It was recomended that I get new strings when I bought my violin and these worked great. They are steel coiled so they were fine with my electric violin but did take some time to stretch a bit to hold a tuning which was a bit discouraging at first. They've been great since.
I prefer Shar's Overture premieres which are the same price.  These ones are a little too &#34;bright&#34; in sound and not deep or resonant enough.  Also bear in mind these are not dominants which are clearly far superior - but for which you would be paying $50 a set.
These are a good value for quality strings.Strings stayed in tune after about two hours of settling in.I'm very satisfied.
awesome cheap repalcement string i would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to spend 50 bucks on high quality strings
I play guitar.  I bought one each of the various thicknesses of these picks a few years ago.  They're very interesting.  These are soft rubber with a little bit of give, so they really soften your attack and cut higher frequencies, similar to using your thumb, but not exactly.  I still pull one of these out every once in awhile.  In certain applications, getting a particular sound for a song, say, these could be exactly what you're looking for.  Overall these are well made, and the ones I bought will probably last me forever, but these would never work for me as a main pick.  I'm glad I tried them though, as I have nothing else remotely like them.
My fiancee tried it out and kept one of the three that was bought. So I guess she loves it as that is the only pick I've now seen her use. [She has been playing for over 35yrs]
I love that these eliminate pick noise, but don't expect to use these on your electric guitar--they're simply too fat at 3.11mm.  They work well on bass and acoustic, however.  Don't go with the 'Soft' version--they have too much give and tend to stick to your strings and leave you without a pick.
Saves your thumb on the strum;grips nicely in your fingers but not on the strings;A Totem of Rock and Roll in your grip.
I purchased these to use with my mandolin. They are ok.  I personally prefer a little stiffer pick, but my kids have been using them with their Uke's so all in all not a bad purchase.
This is the 5th bass pick that I have tried, and finally this works great.  It does not slide out your hand and has a soft tip with a nice sound.
I am a converted guitar player and I like playing with a pick.  I like that sharp thwack sound.  But the tone can be a little harsh, so I got these.  They are much quieter than a hard pick but the tone is not the same as bare fingers.  For me, they were a waste of money.
**Update 9/7/12**Ok I've been using these for a few weeks now, and I have to say I keep going back to them. They make the notes sound like bells. It's holding up better than I expected (I am a relatively soft player) and I'm adjusting to the 'stickiness' mentioned below. I am liking these more and more as time goes by. Glad I tried these!**Original Review**Recently I got the itch to try different 'unique' picks... these, the dunlop primetones, felt picks, metal picks, etc. I get annoyed by the plastic clicking sound from regular thin picks.These are interesting. They perform quietly and give a more mellow tone. They do however stick to the strings and it becomes difficult to use them, will need some getting used to. I wish I had ordered the hard version rather than the medium, as these are a bit softer than I was hoping.Probably won't be a daily driver, but interesting none the less.
not my style but they work ok. thought i would give them a try. shipping was quick and i know a lot of players that like them just not for me
Playing an acoustic ukulele with all nylon strings, I've preferred just to strum using my fingers because "traditional" plastic picks are just too harsh and loud.  Even felt picks are too harsh (not to mention the dust/shedding they do).The Wedgie is EXACTLY what I've been looking for. Harder than my thumb, softer than plastic or felt, the 3.1mm Hard Rubber Wedgie is the Goldilocks pick; right in the butter zone.I tried the "Soft" and "Medium" Wedgies, but both were just too soft.  The Soft Wedgie over-grabs the strings and winds up dragging and producing a dull tone.  The Medium is better, but is still too dull and the action is a bit too soft.But the Hard Wedgie is the clear winner.  I get great volume and tone without the harsh twang of plastic on nylon strings.The only negatives I've found are:1. They can leave skid marks on your pick guard.  No big deal, as it wipes right off.2. They break down faster than I'd like.  Of course, that could just be my expectations.Still, if you're looking a softer-than-plastic pick, this is the one to get. No pick noise, just strings. I couldn't be happier.
I bought one of each Soft, Medium and Hard Wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the Hard is as soft as the Soft. They felt exactly the same in fact. The Medium was the hardest out of the bunch.Packaging error? I have no idea. The fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. So check with what you get.Sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.There is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that I do not think it is idea for strumming.The only reason I can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead.
I purchased these picks, because I play bass in an alternate punk metal band. We play drop tuning and playing with a plastic or nylon pick creates alot of noise. I was hoping that these picks would stop the pick noise. They don't make that annoying plastic to metal sound, but they are very flexible. I need to have alot of pick speed. These slow me down way to much. The other reviews I read stated that these were like rigid picks, but no they are not. Too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you don't have to tremolo pick, not very good if do have to.
I should have read the reviews carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. Ouch! I'm much happier with my Friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!And who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? If you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers?
I've tried all 3 types of these, and they're pretty much as-advertised.  I don't really find a huge difference in tone between the relative hardnesses of the rubber, but it is there to a small degree.  To me these are too dull sounding for an acoustic.  Well, they don't sound bad, but if you then switch to a normal pick you'll notice the upper and upper-mid harmonics that are being de-emphasized by the duller attack.  It doesn't sound bad, and in certain applications it would be fine. I wouldn't want it to be my everyday acoustic tone, though.THey fare much better with electric guitar, where the difference in attack can be less notable, but you'll still notice the loss of some "sparkle".  But for the most part I found the sound very agreeable and useable.  The pick tends to catch on the strings a bit - there's more friction, of course - but it's just something to get used to.The bottom line:  I like these, and they'll probably last me almost forever, but I don't really see them becoming my go-to picks.  I like the thickness and the feel (they won't slip out of your hand while playing) but the loss in high end is just enough that I don't think I want to limit myself in that way, except for certain situations.  I tend to switch back and forth between a pick and fingers anyway, so I already get a sound similar to this by using my fingers.  Worth a try, though, and you just might find a keeper if you need to tame an amp or guitar that's just a bit too bright.  You know, at higher volumes, too, it's easy for the high frequencies to be emphasized, and these might work better in a live setting where you've got your amp cranked up.
I usually just use my fingers to strum my tenor uke, but there are songs where a pick is more appropriate. I used to have an old felt pick made back in the 1940s, but it disintegrated over time and the newer felt picks I've found just don't feel the same.I bought a set of soft, medium and hard Wedgie picks to try out and I'm really happy with the results. I greatly prefer the soft Wedgie on the Uke, I like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard Wedgie's really nice for my Jazz Bass. I still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the Wedgie's are fantastic for when I need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments.I'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me.
This is a great pick for all those that use picks, but need a softer sound occasionally.  Much easier than getting your fingers all tangled up.  The only negative is the way they seem to be packed here.  They come in three colors and the colors stand for soft, medium, hard.  They also come in 3 and 5mm which is the size of the grip thickness (where you grip the pick.)  The white is soft, the medium grey is medium, and the dark grey is hard.  I use the white and medium grey in 3.1mm and find that easy to adjust too.  They are soft and they do wear fairly quickly, but you just keep playing them or do a little cutting to sharpen them back up.  You get a nice soft tone and, just like using any other plectrum, you develop a picking style to get various tones (double bass, acoustic, finger style, etc.  I use the soft picks for a smooth tone, and the medium pick for a deep jazzy sound (think Motown.)  I never leave home without at least three of each in my gig bag.For a real trip, if you are able to finger pick, try out the Jam Cat pick holder sold here.  It is so easy to switch from finger to pick in an instant and it is always there when you need to rock it up a bit.
I like the medium version of these picks a lot, & I just ordered some hard ones at the 3.1mm thickness--which is pretty thick, by the way.  So only plan on using these on basses and acoustic guitars unless your electric has an unusually wide neck and heavy strings.  These soft ones have too much give in my opinion, which makes them more difficult to handle--it's great that they eliminate pick noise, but these softer ones want to cling to the strings and require the player to make too many adjustments.  My verdict:  go with medium or hard version.
Bought these because I thought they'd be a nice alternative to a plastic or nylon pick for use on my ukulele when I want a different sound than finger picking and strumming can produce.  They give a great tone without hearing the pick strike the string, and they don't wear down the strings and I actually use them on occasion for my 3/4 steel string acoustic guitar when I want a nice mellow tone.  The only negative is that because of being rubber, they &#34;stick&#34; to the strings, so they aren't great for quick strumming, which I wish they were.
First time for a  soft wedgie......pick that is (I did have an older brother : ) ). I used it on my new ukulele and sounds and feels great. Very good price and looks like they will last awhile.I highly recommend they for you to try, if you don't like they you can give a fellow musian a &#34;soft wedgie&#34; which they just may like.
I like these picks for use with my ukulele, it makes strumming a lot easier on these old hands of mine. It sounds exactly like the sound you make while strumming with your fingers, and they seem to be sturdy enough to last awhile. A worthwhile buy for tired fingers :-)
I purchased a 3 pack of the soft rubber wedgie's as an add-on to a larger order. As such, I found them to be a reasonable value. However, I'm not sure how long these will last on my steel string acoustic. I think these picks would be fantastic for classical or any other nylon string guitar or "uke". They are very grippy and have a slight concavity to them on one side for additional comfort.I love the very soft warm sound they provide. I use them mostly late at night when I can't sleep and want to play, but the rest of the family is still sleeping. Not quite as effective on the E, A, and D steel strings but certainly playable. Not so great for strumming, but fun to pick individual chords. Thanks.SPO
My partner won't put a pickup in his guitar and I get tires of luggin' an amp around (along with the rest of the sys) so this does the trick. Clip on the boom stand, stick a SM 57 on it and an SM 58 to sing in and your set. Holds tight.
The one I got did not have very much of the neon yellow rubber thing on the tip of the screw. I feel like if I tighten it too much, I could dent my mic stand tube. But I haven't dented anything yet, so perhaps I'm just too skeptical. In any event, it seems like a better design might make it easier to get attachments tightened down and facing the right direction. But everything works. It's getting the job done and I haven't seen a better option. All in all, a pretty good device.
I use this to mount to hi-hat or cymbal stands, as well as on mic stands. See my customer-supplied photos at the top of the page for examples.One thing I love about this extension bar is it will fit over the relatively large diameter down tubes on my hi-hat stands. I use anOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Blackto connect to the bar, then I attach either aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphoneor DM80 microphone. The bar-gooseneck arrangement is sturdy enough for that mic model.This also works well for mounting on microphone stands. I use it and a shorter gooseneck to mount the DM70 for tenor and alto saxophones, or a DM80 for baritones. Again, it works perfectly for my situations.I always keep a few of these, plus various size goosenecks, just in case I need to mount an additional microphone and I am short on stands. It's one more tool to make set up less stressful.
I use to mount a portable digital recorder onto the side of a mic stand. Very stable clamp mechanism, works very well. Price is good. Nice to have in your gadget bag.
I have a crowded rig already and the las thing I wanted was another mic stand.  I already have a straight stand with a Shure SH55 mounted on it as a talkback to call tunes to my band members.  I wanted to eliminate my wireless sax mic, as I was using it infrequently, and decided to mount a Heil Fin on this extension arm on the same stand as the talkback.  Nice and stable - no issues - works perfectly.
I tried it for iPad. It kinda wobbles up and down. It has a light strip of metal without a bracing design so it flaps up and down when something heavy is attached to the end such as my iPad.  I only recommend it for something light weight.  There's better ones out there. See my review on the music stand. That comes with a solid extension arm...
OK, it was cheap (nine bucks at the time), the design looked good and sensible, and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need. I bought it without hesitation. HOWEVER(!), once hooked up, I was very surprised how flimsy it is. I have a 13" gooseneck, a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it. At the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand. Obviously, any small bump into the stand will once again set this off. Using it at home, I've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful, but obviously this unit is far from ideal. Since then, I've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand, and though I haven't really put through its paces yet, this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable, AND only costs a few bucks more (On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom). For anyone considering this product, I HIGHLY recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom. You will be far far happier.Cheers!
Sturdy mic clip on a budget. Mic fits snugly into the clip, allowing the rage to commence. Will purchase more as needed.
I've had many Mic Holders, and this one is by far the very best.  It does it all and is tougher than nails.  Sincerely, Doc
I purchased this for use with a Sennheiser E825-S microphone and the bestselling On Stage boom microphone stand. The mount has exceeded my expectations. The fit for the stand is perfect, with the mount pivoted so that the mike can be adjusted up or down. The part actually holding the mike is flexible and rubbery, making it very easy to slide the mike and its cord in and out. A screw tightens te pivot if this needs to be fixed more firmly in place. All in all, a very worthwhile and economical purchase.
It is exactly as represented. It does a fine job. I have used it in recording live band practice sessions. I would if necessary purchase this item again.
This is another adapter that I rarely use and now that I have a digital mixer I am not sure if I will ever get much use out of them with my rig. Traveling about to use some other rig though you never know what you might run into so I plan on keeping these little artifacts for a while longer.
I didn't need anything high dollar so this was just what I needed.  Does have a cheaper feel than the other (much more expensive units I've used).
These plugs are well made and serve the purpose they were intended for. If I buy more in the future I will be checking here first.
Took a while to find what I needed but this is what I needed!  Free shipping.  Exactly what I needed at a great price!
I notice mixed reviews here.  I suppose when an item sells for $2 instead of $20 there may be a potential for quality control issues.  But hey, buy 3 of them and if even one turns out to be bad, you're still way ahead on the deal.  Seems to me as good as any connector I've ever bought.
these have worked great when I've needed to have 1/4 input vs the xlr......especially when I bust out the old Tascam 4 track cassette...some times I like recording drums analog versus digital or other instruments
This works just as stated.  Now I can plug my mic in either way,  and it gives me more versitility
Whats not to  love, inexpensive, and does it's job....After reading some of the rather poor reviews, I checked it out for  signs of poor quality or workmanship... Only thing I found was that  the pin rockrd a bit... there were three screws in the body that I used a screwdiriver to tighten up.. .I suspect that complaints of falling apart could have been from missing or loose screws... Not much of a chore. I did back out the screws a bit and added a drop of clear nail polish on the threads for some insurance that it would not loosen up...Anyway, that is the view from where I sit...Just got it and used it, I will add to the post if things turn bad..
Useful for connecting mics to a guitar amp or directly into a computer's mic jack. The 1/4" side tends to become a bit loose after a while, not sure if it affects performance though.
The Shure XLR Female to Male 1/4" Adapter is simply another one of those fix it gadgets that a sound mixer has to have in his kit.I've got a bag of them and they work just like they are supposed to.Now this one as pictured is the mono version, which you would use to take a balanced or unbalanced mic down to an unbalanced 1/4" jack. If you need to keep a balanced feed or if you are running stereo or two channel in a single cable, this adapter will not work for you. You'll need the TRS (tip, ring, sleeve) balanced version of this adapter.
Anyone who works with PA and sound equipment needs these adapters.  For this price, you can't beat the item.  I've had no problems with the ones I've bought.
These little mic connectors are just what the doctor ordered, allowing me to spare wear and tear on my systems mic jacks; I simply unplug the cord from the adapter instead. And, they produce no audible hum into the circuit. They are unbalanced jacks, though (note the single black band at the end of the plug,) so if you need balanced jacks for your system (those with two black bands,) make sure you take that into account before ordering. By the way, I have both and there is no audible difference whether singing or recording. Just saying...
This is a perfect compliment to my current set up. I needed a desktop stand for voice overs when my usual recording set up wouldn't do the trick. This stand is sturdy and worked perfectly. A great buy as the price was perfect as well.
This item really speaks for itself. It is a small microphone stand meant for use with a desktop. The base is nice and weighted, but not too heavy to be unwieldy. It's a solid piece that serves its purpose and offers convenience for anyone looking to place a microphone on their desk.I would recommend you grab a shock-mount with this if you don't already have one, as it transfers vibrations though the stand! But that is honestly to be expected.
This stand works fine if you don't need a shock mount.  The base is wide and heavy enough to secure the mic well and defeat most vibrations.  I ran into trouble when trying to mount a R0DE NT2-A mic on a shock mount.  The low height (4 1/2") - which would otherwise help stabilize the mic - left too little clearance between the mic and desktop.  If you think you might upgrade and someday use this stand with a shock mounted mic, you're better off buying the slightly more expensiveOn Stage DS7200B Adjustable Desk Microphone Stand, Black.BTW, my copy of this stand also did not have the 3/8 inch male thread.
This mic stand is solid and a good value, but it's a one trick pony. The picture that is currently featured at the top of the listing here is incorrect (the stand comes with 5/8&#34; threads and does not come with an adapter). Not a huge deal if you're using a standard mic clip.The height is about 4.5&#34; inches total and I'm using mine to mic a kick drum right at the port. If you plan on using the stand for an amp or to mic something on a podium or desktop, I'd highly recommend you check out the adjustable desktop mic stand from On Stage. I have one of those too, but it was too tall (even at it's shortest setting) to mic my drum port, but the adjustable height is very handy.
I have two of these now, and they may be my favorite. Had another brand that stopped working and replaced with this. The other one was not "bad", i lasted probably 10 years. What else to say? It's a sustain pedal and it's a good price and free shipping in most cases.
This pedal is outstanding for the price.  The feel is great and it doesn't move at all when you put it down on the floor.  The only thing I disliked was that it doesn't support "half dampening" like most of the higher end pedals around this price range.I got this for Christmas of 2007 and it is still going strong used every day in my recording studio.Great product
Works great.  I have the same effect on my 49 Alesis midi keyboard as I do with my more expensive Yamaha keyboard which has a sustain pedal.  Chrome is great quality and it has good weight so it's not tinny.
ino...u wana buy one of those 9.99 cheap pedals from ebay n the likes right?...NOPE!...cause when yeh doits gonna flak out after about the 10th push you do on it!!! Listen to the Voice of Experience grrr....hahahthese pedals are frikn TANKS heavy duty all the way and have a polarity switch [and yeh there's alota keyboards out thereu gota have that perc...It's worth it...just suck it up n get the thing and if you still need a momentary dsp switch then buy the lil 9.99 jobbut only use it in life or death situations..hahah [they have a really cheap plastic switch thats destined to die no matter what..at least the previous 2 i bought did...*ouch...* so is that like 20 hail mary's for that confession????.......
Just got mine - fast shipping from amazon thank you :)It has a great weight to it very similar to a real piano.  I was a little lost when i plugged it into my Yamaha S90ES - similar to the newer versionYamaha S90XS 88-key Balanced Weighted Hammer Action synth(I SHOULD OF READ THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BOX)  - the polarity needed to be changed on the pedal found on the back!woops - i was in constant sustain there for a minute - scared me that my pedal was broken.anyways it instantly makes my awesome electronic keyboard sound so much like a real deal pricey piano!awesome!
I was looking for a sustainer pedal for my m-audio keyboard to use with garageband and found this so I bought it and it works great does exactly what it says it does and Actually looks cool. It's an amazing tool for keyboard player. Highly Recommended.
I've used this pedal with a Casio PX200 keyboard for about 6 weeks now.Pros:-Sturdy construction (compared with the plastic footswitch type pedals that come with keyboards).-Polarity switch - I was using a Yamaha FC4 with an older keyboard, but the FC4 does not work properly with the Casio keyboards.  It's a tip-negative polarity, and the Privia requires a tip-positive polarity.  So the piano would operate in reverse (sustain on until the pedal is depressed).  Thankfully, the SP-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard.-Cord is long enough (6')Con:-Build quality is slightly less than the FC4.  The FC4 has a smooth action (made in Japan), but the SP-2 had some problems with the metal spring squeaking.  Some lubricant helped to fix most of the squeaking.The SP-2 also comes with a plastic cap if you prefer to cover the metal pedal.  Overall, it is a solid product and almost a necessary upgrade for the plastic footswitch pedals.
Wonderful, piano feel, piano action. Will partly sustain if pressed late or let go and reapplied briefly, i didn't even think my keyboard was up to that sort of responsivness (cheapo Yamaha). This is the only pedal you should buy unless you need all three. I am a future M Audio customer from here on.
This pedal is very nice. It looks much more expensive than the actual price and works great. You can just plug it into your keyboard and play. It works very well.
I bought this sustain pedal for my iRig Keys Midi Controller, I had an On Stage pedal (square), but that was crap. This M-Audio is awesome, it doesn't move from where I put it on the floor, it sustains the note how it supossed to, and it feels very well. So far it's still working, and it has a switch button to use with any keyboard. I would buy it again!!
I recently picked up a used Casio Privia PX-320 and it had a cheesy, little square sustain pedal that slipped around and had a terrible feel. I heard that Casios were finicky about third party pedals, but purchased this anyway.  It worked (I needed to set the polarity switch on this pedal to open).It also worked perfectly on my Roland RD-300NX, but I expected that. What I love about this pedal is it has a fantastic feel that rivals a real piano, and is the equal to the feel of my expensiveRoland RPU-3.One main reason why I gave this five stars in addition to the compatibility is it's built to last. It's heavy, all metal exterior except for the bottom pad, and has a six foot cable that allows you to place it practically anywhere. Plus the price is right. In fact, the entire package is impressive when I compared it to other models that I considered. And it's light years ahead of the OEM pedals that Casio ships with their Privia keyboards.
If you are looking for a sustain pedal, this is it. Built solid, feels like it could withstand a good beating, which is good since my teen is using it. Not complaints, just works and is reasonably priced.
well made, works like a charm and felt like it was made with quality material and not made of cheap parts and plastic.
This pedal works like a charm.  Stays in place and works as de.scribed.  I would buy this again if I needed to replace it
This pedal has a solid feel under my foot and gives me the 'push-back' I expect when playing live gigs.  Always welcomed is the fact is stays in place where I put it on both wood or carpeted surfaces.
Don't expect it to sound like a regular guitar and you won't be disappointed. That said, I find it useful for composing on the road. Heck, it even sounds better than my big guitars, in an odd way, for certain songs. Nice sturdy and portable case. Not good for overheads in airplanes because it takes up space for several bags, but flight attendants will usually store it in the locker up front if you ask. Action is adequate for practice--with a little tweaking it's actually good. Quiet enough to play in your hotel room and not disturb your neighbors.
I've been playing mostly acoustics over 30 years, I own a D35 Martin, Epiphone DR-212, Zager ZAD50, American Fender Strat, Gibson Studio Les Paul and have owned many others.  When my Little Red Traveler showed up at my door I was excited, but my expectation bar wasn't set too high.  I unpacked the Traveler and gave it the once over,, WOW, nicely made. Neck was perfect, just the slightest bow, frets were finished better than my Gibson when I bought it.  I found some wet/dry sand paper, I think 200 grit and spent about 10-15 minutes sanding down the bottom of the bridge bone. WOW #2 the action is much above average acoustic guitar quality, no buzz, perfect pitch at the octave and is a joy to play.  The tone is unique, not quiet, and unless you are expecting Martin sound, definitely not offensive.  The sound is kind of acoustic guitar/ukulele, banjo ish.  I'm thinking with a nice pickup it would make quite nice/unique a acoustic lead instrument. Plays great to the top fret.  love it!  Unbelievable instrument, a pleasure play.  Oh and the case is a $40+ freebee ;))) Buy one, be happy.  One last thing, another post mentioned putting your right arm outside the strap and tying between the tuning keys, that works well.
I wanted a guitar I could travel with, something small enough that I actually would carry around after the novelty wore off. This is a great size. I love the large neck size, while it is smaller than a full size guitar, you wont feel it much while playing. The sound for something this size is really good, do not expect to get a full acoustic sound. This guitar is just for you to practice scales, practice a tune.. you wont be performing with this guitar. I did alot of research bought a cheap travel guitar (which I hated, threw it out) and decided I wanted a better one, compared this to the Martin Backpacker and this has the better sound, the better bag, and all around GREAT travel guitar. The travel case is great, its about the size of a violin case so you know the size..
We got this to save on trunk space when traveling with a guitar. As expected, it doesn't have the sound quality of a full-size instrument, but it sounds good for what it is. It seems to hold a tune well and my son enjoys playing it. The blue color is pretty, and we were pleased with the extras that accompanied the guitar (case, strap, etc). Other people have mentioned an odor on the case and strap. We did notice a scent, but it didn't bother anyone. A more odor-sensitive person might feel differently.
I was looking for a portable guitar that would survive the rigors of Afganistan. I was going to get the Martin Backpacker, which I have actually seen and held in a store, but other reviews sold me on this Washburn. The case was a particular positive point for me, and so was the 25% lower price. I am more than please with what I have received. The case is great for a traveling soldier, rugged and protective, with useful pockets. The Guitar itself is very well made, nice pegs and solidly built for such an inexpensive instrument. It does have a bit of a banjo like sound because of the small body, common to the type, as is the initial awkwardness figuring out how to hold, since the full sized fretboard overbalances the tiny body, and you can't exactly rest it on your leg like a regular acoustic. The thing is, this guitar is just plain fun, it is always handy, durable, and plays pretty well. Best buy I have made on a product I couldn't try out first. A testament to the quality of the reviews on Amazon, which have rarely led me astray.
Picked up some Blue Steel lite stings and some brass abalone pins to enhance tone. Also was the last to pick it up for $118.50 shipped to my door. If you like a parlor guitar, this might be for you. The case is kick ass too, easily a $50 value.Update: After putting on the brass pins and adding a snark tuner, along with putting on new strings, this guitar rocks. Putting the brass pins keeps it from being too top heavy and helps to improve tone. This is my go-to guitar. Sounds good and has great intonation. The only fore-seeable upgrade would be to get closed geared tunners but the open geared work fine and hold tunning. I have a washburn D-30 and love this just as much for 1/3 the cost.
I like simple guitar straps without too much glitz and yet wide enough for the shoulder and attractive, yet simple.
Very nice leather strap, I will like it better when it is worn in, and softer, but excellent for holding the weight of a five string bass.I very much recommend it, along with some Dunlop straploks.
I bought this strap to use on an acoustic dreadnought guitar. I would have given this item 5 stars but even fully extended it is about 3&#34;-4&#34; too short. As for the quality of the strap, I love the look and feel of the leather. It has a worn and aged texture that looks great and it would be very comfortable to wear while playing if it were longer.My 2 cents in summary- I think for a classical acoustic guitar or for an electric, this strap would work much better. If you have a larger sized guitar, find a longer strap.
Reviews described strap as &#34;soft&#34; and &#34;weathered&#34; which sounded good to me.  Actual description is a blasted &#34;design&#34; which is what you get.  Strap is quite stiff, but I'd say it's worth the price.  I would have preferred something different.
This is a very good nicely wide guitar strap.  Its weathered look is exactly what I was looking for.  Its a nice solid piece of leather that looks like it will last decades.  That is what I wanted but that is also why I got it weathered - to speed up about 5 years of personality.  I'm not sure how you would wear it out really.  Its buttery soft and doesn't have a strange fabric suede backing so it won't muck up your clothes, pill or crumble.The only minus is that its a standard 53 inches though the description says its "long".  Pretty standard vs all other straps.I paired this with my reissue Fender Telecaster Thinline in natural.  It looks wonderful.  I can barely feel the weight of the guitar wearing it.-------------Update: Since I got the strap as a Christmas gift I've worn it to class and jam sessions.  I started getting nice compliments about the guitar.  Thought the guitar IS beautiful I've had it for a while.  I think this strap is like a fine piece of jewelry accenting the guitar!  Beauty and Function.
Great microphone, I use it with my cheap/budget Behringer mixer, the sound is good and if I turn up the gain it will pick up everything in the room. It is great for recording acoustic guitar and vocals, don't start layering the vocals though, it starts to sound kind of weird.
At last I got this mic after doing about a month of homework on which condenser mic to go for. If you're debating between the Blue Yeti, Snowball, Samson C01U, and this mic, there are plenty of reviews on youtube and google. At2020 was the most common one that people liked regarding affordability and sound quality.
Microphone is quite good for such price. The sound is clear but still quite far from first class microphones. Recommend for small budget studios.
Love it...nice mic to record acoustical instruments... 13 more words?.... word word word word word word word word word word...
Works exceedingly well for any use. Whether dubbing audio, recording instruments, or just yelling at the top of your lungs. No issues and pretty sure I will never have any.
Great strings. I use these on a Deering Goodtime II and they work well. Deering recommends (as I imagine most entry level banjo manufacturers) sticking with only the light gauge, not light pluses or mediums. So stock up. Good strings, and not overly prone to corrosion.
I bought a couple of sets of strings for my banjo. Strings are a matter of preference of how they sound and feel. One person may love them the next may not. They are very playable strings, but on my aluminum rim saga banjo the sound was a little to bright. I took them off and put them on a another wood resonater banjo, they sounded much better on that one. One reason I buy these strings is they are made in the U.S.A Why buy strings when they don't tell you where there made.I put on a set of Daddrio medium set and liked the sound better but they are a little harder to play.All strings must be kept clean if you want them to last. wipe each string when done and they will last longer.
As far as banjo strings go, these are a good bang for the buck, or were when I got them. D'Addario makes a pretty consistant product, I've used them on everything over the years, although I prefer certain brands for other things. Strings are cheap for the most part and easy to experiment with. These are also amazingly enough still made in the USA as well.If you buy a cheap instrument here, do yourself a favor and get a decent set of strings as chances are they'll be strung with trash if it's a lower end instrument from China. Even if you're starting out you should tell the difference right away.
it does a great job for the smallest of foggers available and low budget price.....works great with moonflowers and lasers I have gotten...the fogger enhances them greatly and is so worth the benefit it provides in regards to my lights....I really wanted to use it Halloween on treaters but it rained hard and didn't want it out on the porch.....next year!
I enjoy using it and its helpful when you wanna use it to hold up your sheet music to a viewable point and your books too! I recommend it!
this is a great music stand.Very sturdy.Very well built.Just wish it came with a bag,then it could be put in the guitar case,but ill find one thanks
From the other reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but this is a nice stand for the money. I use it and my granddaughter uses it as well. It is sturdy, easy to fold away and easy to setup. The leg spread can be adjusted for space if necessary. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a good valued stand.
I really like this guitar stand, it was worth the extra money. It securely holds my acoustic guitar and leans back a bit so you can clearly see it. Very stable base. The bottom which holds the guitar can be switched over for different size bases of guitars. A good price, a good buy. Glad I invested in it. By the way, I read several reviews which said this had a "smell" to it...Mine does not. I just wonder what other people have encountered?
It does what its supposed to. I really like that the bottom is adjustable and gets the guitar higher or lower off the floor as needed.  A great price and a good item.
Forgot it came with a strap to secure the guitar to the stand...... Doubt I'll use the strap.. but then again I probably will try  to use it that way.
Not perfect but a solid stand. Prone to tipping over if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do. And the bottom part that holds the guitar isn't fixed so it's good and bad. Good because it'll hand nearly and shape guitar at odd angles. Bad because if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do, sometimes it just swings around annoyingly.
yes this is a great guitar stand nice cushion has a lock strap I'm very happy don't mind standing my les Paul custom pro guitar in this baby
This is great if you have to put your guitar down but don't want to put it in its case.
Still a great product it's just a little flimsy. The way the bottom holder attaches to the base is the problem! It doesn't attach! It just slides in and then you kinda just hope it doesn't bend or break. The only problem is if you are clumsy like me you might push your guitar down into it a little to hard and damage it.
Not crazy about having to pay shipping that amounted to half the purchase price for the stand, not to mention having to wait five days for it to arrive. No assembly instructions were included in the packaging. I've never owned something like this before, so that was annoying. Luckily, some nice pictures were posted on the web page and I was able to figure it out from there. Once I got it put together, and placed my beloved guitar in the thing, I got happier. It looks nice and holds the guitar safely (padding protects the guitar finish). I'd recommend this stand to others, but be aware of shipping, tax and consider the possibility it will arrive with no assembly instructions. Not that you have to be a rocket scientist to put it together, still...
I am a believer that if you have a musical instrument, it has to be out if you are going to use it regularly.  with these sturdy stands,  my guitars are out and around the house and they seem to &#34;talk to me&#34; every time that I walk by.  this encourages, if not compulses, me to pick them up and play them for 5-15 minutes at a time.  these stands are inexpensive, light, and hold the guitar well.  I would not recommend them for heavy, on the road, stage work, but then again, most of us are not on the road nor the tour.  we are just playing for the love of it.
Strong and won't tip.price is very affordable.I own several and have had no trouble with them.Buy it and you will see.
No much to these things, but they are cheap and they work great in the studio.  They shipped quickly and didn't break the bank.
For the price you cannot go wrong with this.  Holds my Les Paul and feels secure.  I've never had any issues with this.  Don't bother spending 3-4x as much for something that does the job as well as this.EDIT - Bought another one this Christmas for another guitar and this one feels as good and as simple as the first one.
I have several stands, and this is the second one of these I bought. It works fine and will hold any size acoustic guitar.
The On Stage XCG4 Tubular Guitar Stand is a decent quality simple guitar stand like almost all the others, so here is how I rated it. There are really high quality stand of the same design, but i will not use those stands as a comparison.  Seriously, the tubular guitar stand has been around since dirt.  If you somehow made one that retails for over $30 and are able to sell it, I applaud your marketing team.Continuing on, this is how I rated the On Stage XCG4:If it were over $13, it would have gotten 3 stars.Between $7 and $13, earns it 4 stars.if it were under $7, it would have gotten 5 stars.I hope this helps,~JP.S.  The currency is in US dollars.  Please adjust accordingly.
Got what I paid for.  Worth the money, definitely.  Sturdy and stable and I need more words so I can ...done
I have several of these and they are both sturdy and dependable.  My acoustic and electric guitars are stable when held in the stand.
This is my first guitar stand and I have to say I am pretty happy with it.  It's made of good quality metal and you can tell it's much higher quality than the price tells it to be.  The neck strap and the base are excellent.  Made of great padding to pad the bottom and can put any guitar base on there.  Look at the other reviews and you won't be disappointed.  It didn't smell like the other reviews said either.
Not only is this a quality guitar stand that is adjustable it is really affordable to and it has a safety strap for the top of the neck of your guitar that will keep ur guitar from falling forward this is a great buy!
I picked up another one of these for a new guitar and I'm very impressed.  They've upgraded the design to be a bit better than the one I purchased a few years ago.  Excellent stand!
What a great price and product!  Bought two of these so I can keep my guitars handy and I love them.  Really love having the rubber strap to secure the neck in the event of a mishap.  The wide frame legs make the stand extremely sturdy and love that it can come apart easy if I want to pack it up.
This stand is great!  It is solid, but light weight enought to move as needed.  The footprint is small & meets are needs well.
This stand is very stable and easy to put together. Works perfect for keeping my guitar safe from being knocked over.
This is a great stand, it looks the same as any other, but it works great for about 10 dollars
I'm another reviewer who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. I returned it.I've &#34;First Act&#34; brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed.
For a ten spot, ya can't do better. Matte flat black finish is nice.Great durable foam contact points for cradling baby.Double dog dare ya to do better.You just cannot. Excellent deal !!
This is a great low cost stand that accepts both acoustic and electric guitars. The cradle and neck height are both adjustable enabling a variety of guitar sizes to be used.  While it doesn't fold up small like a portable stand, it serves well as a semi-portable stand and is very good as a stationary stand.
I've had no problem with this guitar stand. I've had it for about 3 month's now, and when I'm not playing my Fender Strat; it is on this stand. I recommend it as a well functioning stand, at a very economical price.
This is fine for my music room at home where it isn't likely to get bumped too hard.  I wish the bottom didn't swivel, because I don't see a need for it to do that.  But it keeps my guitar handy and does the job I wanted it to do at a low price.  I like the security strap that keeps the neck from falling out.  However, I wouldn't recommend this for the stage where there are crowded conditions and it is more likely to suffer a heavy bump.  For that, you would want a larger tripod at the bottom to make it less likely to topple.
While it is just a stand, it seems to be sturdy and durable. Nothing special about it, but also no negatives that I can find either, than the fact that it doesn't give my foot massages. XD
I bought this two years ago for use with a Takamine. It hasn't seen heavy use. It wasn't supposed to. It sits in a corner of the living room, holds the guitar securely, and doesn't cause problems. Although it does make my ownership of a guitar more obvious, and my 91 yo neighbor was convinced for a year that I was drunk and  wailing away on the guitar at 3 am. At least, that's what she told the police.This stand is very similar to the slightly better selling Musician's Gear stand. They might actually be the same stand under different names. The pricing for both is very close if you consider shipping. If I were to buy a stand again, I would still get this one because it's available under Prime. The other one isn't. That gives this stand more value.The stand is very easy to set up. The lower cradle is not fixed and adjusts itself to the appropriate position for your guitar. This took a little getting used to, but it does work very well. The padding on the stand does protect my guitar well. Extended contact with the guitar surface has not caused any problems.Given the very low price, this is an excellent choice for a living room stand. If you're on the road or performing, you might need something a bit different, but I can definitely recommend this for casual players like myself.
I have been buying these stands for years and will continue to do so.  I've taken them to the studio with me and of course used around the house.  They do what they're built for and are as described.
I really like this stand. It has a nice wide leg base and well padded neck and body holders. It is a nice solid tubuler style guitar stand and either my electric or acoustic guiter fits well in it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking a stand for their guitars.
It's a very fair price and is made well.  It seems as though it will hold up to some kicking around.  The only thing that worries me is that once the bottom piece swiveled and dropped my guitar...and this was when I just set it down not a few seconds before it fell.  I'd recommend easing your guitar into place and making sure it's secure.  I'm not sure how &#34;on stage&#34; ready this is.  It's a good, cheap stand though and for the price point, I understand the sacrifices they made in the design.
If you just want a basic guitar stand to keep your guitar safe whilst at home. This is it. Have not gigged with it as yet. So no comments as to its toughness. Great value though.
Holds my guitars just fine. It is a bit odd to think that something off balance (one of the legs is shorter then the others) will be fine but it works.
Great for the price.  Not for guitars with nitro finish.  But I cut up a t-shirt into several long strips and wrapped them around the padding and then tied it nice and tight.  The result was a pretty cool looking stand that will protect my nitro guitars.
It's sturdy, and very portable. The two things I was looking for.Can't really compare to the others, but for me worth the price. I didn't have one at all and this workgs great.delivered in a timely manner.thanks!
believe it or not I've been putting off buying one... I'm so glad i got it now I love looking at my guitar in this thing and now I even want to pick the guitar up more than ever!... Id have to say im happy with the quality can't see anything to complain about really.
Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top.  A few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end.  Overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long.  I will replace with 12s however.  For me the 11s felt a little loose.  The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box.  I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model.  I'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s.
These strings have a tonal quality that will change your life, if you'eve ever wondered how the greats such as Wes Montgomery, George Benson, and Larry Coryell have been able to get their awesome, mellow tones.  I'd recommend this even to metal players as a change of pace, as they may get something out of it that they've never considered before.  Obviously, this takes someone who is willing to give a change to their accustomed style of playing a try.  Trust me - I've been playing professionally for decades, and I can say that there's no way I'd turn my back on these as a jazz enthusiast.  Also, if you're interested in saving the skin on your fingers, this product will help, as I haven't even come close to the normal amount of skin shedding experienced previously on roundwounds.
Thee only flatwound strings I've tried that sound significantly better than these are the Thomastiks, which cost twice as much, and they're not twice as good. Maybe if I was a working pro I'd buy the Thomastiks, but for me, the D'Addarios sound good, and last a long time.If you've never played flatwounds, you might be surprised to discover that they far outlast round wound strings. That's because what kills the sound of strings is gunk from your fingers and the air getting in between the windings and damping the vibration. Back when guitar strings were more a lot more expensive, it wasn't that unusual to remove strings, boil them, and put them back on. Some electric bassists still do this.) With flats, the gunk doesn't get in between the wraps, and if you don't break a string you can play a set for months.I have different guitars set up with different strings ranging from .010s (my Fenders) to .013 (my archtop.) Rockers playing .010s and .009s might be intimidated by .013s, but they're not that much harder to play, and after a little practice it's easy. Jazzers seldom if ever play six-string bar chords or bend strings, which means you just don't need that much muscle anyway. Flatwounds are also generally set with a fairly low action. They don't vibrate as widely as roundwounds, so they don't need as much clearance.If you're looking for that classic electric jazz guitar sound, flats are the way to go, and the D'Addarios are as good as you need. (Rockers looking for that 60s sound might try the D'Addario flatwound .010s. Almost the same sound as the Pyramids, and a lot cheaper.)
No lie, these are the perfect strings for an electric arch-top.Smooth but not dull sounding. Will defiantly be buying more.
Does the job of removing dust from you records without harming it. The handle folds down when not in use to protect the bristles. Over all a nice product.
This brush is used to remove static electricity and light dust from records before each playing. This is not a deep cleaning, dust or dirt removal brush; it is a compliment to record cleaning solutions like this excellent liquid cleaner by Last (LAST PC Power Cleaner 3/4 Oz.).The brush is super simple to use, with the album on your turntable, hold it at roughly a ninety degree angle for about two revolutions, and then sweep it off the LP. No fuss, no muss, no fooling around. Never touch the carbon fiber with your fingers. When there is visible dust on the fibers, give the brush a good flick by rotating the handle across the fibers. After each use, rotate the handle around to cover the fibers. If you press the brush too hard against the album, or do the deep dive sharp angle trick, fibers will be broken off the brush. Just press lightly against the rotating LP, sweep the brush off the LP, and all will be wonderful with this brush.This brush is sold under many different brand names, ClearAudio, AudioQuest, and Thorens.The brush comes with no instructions for use, an odd omission. Maybe there is an assumption that the brush is so easy to use, instructions would be redundant.Audiophile or not, this brush is a must have for anyone that still loves analog recordings.
This is a great addition to any stereo system today, assuming you still use your turntable.  Two passes with this brush will clean up any of my records and get them ready for play, free of any annoying pops or clicks.  It won't save a dirty record, you'll have to buy a cleaning solution for that, but this brush will easily take care of dust, hair, and other particles that get attracted to your LPs during regular use.  As another reviewer suggested, I do the first pass with the brush going with the record, as if I was spreading out paint or something like that, and that gets most of the surface particulate free.  The second pass is with the brush going directly against the motion of the record, and this cleans out the dust from inside the grooves of the record.  After that, your record will sound brand new again!There are definitely more comprehensive cleaning and maintenance options, but none that are this easy and this cheap.
The version I picked came with a grounding wire, claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap, crackles, and pops.  If you believe that, continue to do so, and maybe you'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device.  Speaking more pragmatically, I've found some use for the item only when loose, conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc.
Seems to get a bit of dust up off the surface of the record, but frankly, the old Discwasher type with the fluid does a much better job.  Better yet is to clean your records well with warm water and dish soap (and a new paint brush), then rinse them well and dry with a clean micro fiber cloth.  Just try not to get the labels wet.
I was worried about dropping my guitar on my foot, or the floor. The strap wouldn't hold my guitar any longer. I wanted something cheap, something that don't require to remove the buttons by unscrewing it, I was worried about damaging my guitar. So I decided to get this strap lock, it rocks and it works perfectly.
does not work for all guitars.  one of my guitars has a more rounded head and it does not fit over that anyway I have tried. though with the arrow shaped holders it works as it should
every single guitarist that's plays live or even just practices standing up at home has that worry &#34;is my guitar gonna cut lose for my strap and fall down to the floor?&#34; well, there little fellows are a solution, they work just fine, and i think they are reliable. wish they were made it such a way that the securing mechanism were stronger. but i mean, good price, no need to change the guitar's built in strap buttons... 100% recommended... also, i read a review 'bout it not fitting some guy's lp... well obviously, that depends on the strap... but it use these strap locks on my lp standard 1959 vos, and they fit just fine (use it with a gibson asfb-blk strap).
I'm using this with an Ovation Balladeer. A guitar with a rounded back that demands you use it with a guitar strap at all times. My guitar strap is over 50 years old, circa 1967, so the leather is a bit worn and it had a tendency to slide off the strap holders on the guitar at the most inopportune times.With these strap loks, the strap never comes off. I leave it on when  I put the guitar in the case, and they are there and waiting when I get it back out. I've had it on for 2 and a half months now, with no problems. The hardest part was putting them on, which really wasn't hard at all, just took a moment to understand the mechanics of the mechanism and voila' Bob's your uncle!!Recommend these for anyone who needs to keep their guitar strapped and ready for action. They are plastic and will wear out someday, I'll buy another pair then.
Low cost strap lock that works on most Guitars buttons. It comes two in a package. I used one on four of my Guitars, but had to install a smaller button on one Guitar. This design works best for me. Love it!
I purchased these as well as the Jim Dunlop 7000 locks.  I recommend the 7000 model.  They both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy.  The 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space.  You will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units.  This is true for either one of the models.  I have a regular nylon 2&#34; Levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007SI) work well, but I prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000).
My rhythm guitar player recently dropped and broke his SG because of no strap locks. I bought him a set of these. I use them because unless you standardize you need a separate strap for every set of locks. This eliminates that issue and is short money next to a guitar repair.
I bought two sets, this is a great why if to keep your strap on your guitar, if you still what to keep everything stock!
I even called Dunlop to see if these lok strap systems would work for an electric acoustic.  The guy at Dunlop told me "oh yes, they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic".  That is NOT the case.  I purchased multiple units, and it will cost me more to return to Amazon than it's worth.  But basically I know have hunks of plastic that I could use to make a sculpture!Because of the bottom pin being the plug in for electric pick up, the thickness causes a problem and this plastic do hickey will not fit.If anyone out there has a solution for securing the strap, please reply to this feedback.What really frosts me is that I called Dunlop and apparently their customer service folks don't know their products well enough to be recommending product.  It's called, TRAIN your people!!!
Great for the price. It is a very accesible option and does what it has to do. Must have for solos
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This is very sensitive boost pedal that will deliver as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
I installed these pins in my Silvertone SD10.  They fit great and are a lot better than the cheap plastic ones that were in it.  If you have a lower end guitar, I highly recommend these pins.  The saddle will make a bigger difference in sound than the pins, but every little bit helps.  For the cost, you can't beat it.
I ordered these for a Gibson Songwriter Deluxe EC Custom Vintage and they seem a little bit thinner with slightly smaller heads and a micro-touch longer than the stock pins from Gibson.The pins measure: 28mm -or- 1 1/4" inches in length.I was going to return them but figured I would try them out in my Gibson Blues King L-00 parlor sized guitar.It was about the same result, a little too thin, smaller heads and slightly longer but I went ahead and tried them.GLAD I DID.I didn't think that after using the Tusq bridge that came stock from Gibson it would make any detectable difference but I was wrong. I CAN tell a slight difference. I did not remove the strings, just loosened them so it was compared to the set that was on it, which were fresh from yesterday.A small amount of improvement in sustain and high end frequencies ringing out was noticeable.They also provide a graph in the packaging info, but I think that it was a test using BOTH the TUSQ pins AND replacement saddle. If you haven't changed your saddle...do it now and get rid of that soft plastic one.I must admit, I did order these with about 75% of "dressing up" the guitar in mind, and any amount of tonal improvement would be gladly appreciated but not expected. I got both.White with Paua Dot inlay looks very nice and provides the eye candy I was seeking, although there is no care taken as to "match the dots" for consistency, -they will vary in appearance.The TUSQ Pins being a wee bit smaller seem to slide down all the way...right away and need to be pushed all the way into the slot while stringing up the guitar. The heads set flush to the bridge mount compared to the Gibson stock plastic pins that stick up a little higher, and I do wish that the TUSQ pins were the same size.I will see how well they do on the Blues King and most likely will order new pins for the Songwriter Deluxe once they pass the test of time and playing for a month or two. I don't expect them to cause any problems and should provide the extra sustain and ringing that is very much appreciated in any small amount or fashion!If in doubt, consider changing your strings to a brand that might be more suited for the "tone" you have in mind, be it darker, brighter, softer, louder, etc. Strings make a big difference and I find using D'Addario phosphor bronze strings very bright & ringy, last long, are affordable, and seem noticeably louder than GHS or Ernie Ball. (steel strings only - does not apply to nylon or gut strings.)Once again, if you have a plastic saddle and/or nut then these pins might not make much of a noticeable difference...then again, they might make all the difference in the world! You just have to try them and see.They are inexpensive and pretty...well worth the risk!
I purchased this item and immediatly noticed upon arrival that the slits in which the strap go into are way too small for a typical strap. Way too small, maybe like a third of the width. I just have a normal planet waves strap, and it does not fit. However, it does hold the XDS transmitter nicely and securely. So looks like I will have to get creative with duct tape or something.UPDATE:When attached with rubber bands to my planet waves strap, it stays on pretty snugly. But you need to attach it with something.
This came in the mail today in a rather large box. The blue LED light is fine, you can put about 5 medium picks in the Pick holder. More than enough to keep me and a friend in picks for a few songs. It is not bad but I don't think I would purchase another one.
I had intended to carry this, with my keys, attached to my chain wallet. But the wallet hasn't arrived yet so be warned it is a little bit of a pocket space eater. But I suspected it would be before I ordered it so I don't count that against it. Holds 3 medium picks with grip exceptionally tight...almost annoyingly hard to get one out. Will be sure to update if wear & tear has any effect on the grip on the picks. But so far, so great and would consider purchasing this for my musically inclined friends.
the sleek design is just great as the product does not hinder your hands and fingers while fretting a chord.  holds down exceptionally well and the release is effortless.  what i really like is that the padded material is very forgiving and holds the strings without any fret buzz and never damages my guitars.  it is also just great to &#34;hang&#34; on the headstock went not in use.
Most of the time I am able to use the G7 capo with one hand when moving it, adjusting it, and clamping it in place. However, sometimes I have to use both hands to squeeze it in place so the strings don't buzz. That may seem like not such a big deal, but I prefer to have an easier one to work with. I have small hands, and an old carpal injury, so I prefer to have as little strain as possible to place the capo. This one is better than the any of the clasping kinds (Keysers, etc) in that respect. After a couple of playing sessions, I figured out how best to use this capo with just one hand most of the time. Now that I've learned how best to use it, I'll keep it. When I first got it I was upset that I had to use 2 hands and forcible squeezing to put in place, but now I've learned how to work it better so that I can do most of it with one hand without too much strain.A capo should: be easy to remove and put on, stay in tune, not hurt the hands (no 2 handed squeezing), not interfere with playing when inserted, and it shouldn't break too soon (have at least several months to a year before breaking if at all).On the plus side, this unit seems pretty well made, so it should last a long time. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically.I've tried so many capos now, and the only ones I liked were the Planet Waves screw tops, they are easy to use, easy to move from fret to fret, light on the hands, stay in tune and out of the way, but they break in damp California weather (I've had 4 of them break on me, within a couple months. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do.If you have small hands like me, and don't want to strain the hands while playing, like me, then that rules out the Kysers and any of the squeezing type of capos. The Shubs fall off and are a hassle all around to take off and on and adjust, and the springtop ones are suspect as well. That's why I like the screwtops that don't get in the way and are easy to adjust. Ok, I hope the Dunlop Victor will do the job for me now, I'll try it next.
I use this on my Takamine and my Tele. It is easy to use, applies the right amount of tension and looks very cool. You can leave it clipped on the headstock when not using it. Cheaper ones will work, but I wanted to try it out. I do like it
This new type and design of capos, manufactued in England (and warranteed for life) is truly wonderful.  Available in six and twelve string steel-string as well as a new classical version, they are all easy to use, solidly built and - perhaps most importantly, easy to put on and take off with one hand without having to retune!  For a musician, this is the most cricial element - that, and that it is 'kind' to the materials used in the manufacture of a good guitar.  I use mine on a Martin HD28 and have had no problems whatsoever. A great move toward a new generation of capos! Not cheap - but worth every cent.
Once you get the hang of this capo, it's wonderful.  It takes a bit to get used to squeezing it to the correct tension.I have several guitars - but the one that I love using this capo on has a hard &#34;V&#34; neck.  It's pretty accurate on that neck up to the 4th fret.Nice product.  Worth the investment.  Now I just have to figure out how to keep up with it!!!
This capo works on my acoustics as well as electrics and is no-fuss with positive micro-action that allows you to apply just the right pressure by simply squeezing it down after it is in place. Holds the notes securely and with marvelous clarity giving you a pure new guitar tuning at whichever fret you choose. Removal is simple also, just press the release tab and it's ready to remove, no muss no fuss, it really does work that well. Highly recommend.
This capo is expensive, but I have never found one that works so well. It is worth the money in my opinion.
I've tried Kyser capos and they're good. They work. This capo, however, just works simply, smoothly, and it's a great pleasure to operate. Like a Seagull vs a Taylor 8 series, they both work, but one has more beauty in its being. Made in China, designed in Europe, slippery, a bit heavy, but still very, very nice. It's more money than I'd have liked to have paid, but I'm glad I did. Did it improve my life? Not at all. It also didn't improve my guitar playing - but somehow it's just so much nicer to have than any other capo I've used.
This capo is expensive. The first time I (and everybody else) saw one, I said, "Wow. I can get a Kyser or something for fifteen bucks. Get out of here."Five capos later, I realize that I could probably have just shelled out the money, instead of purchasing every other capo on the market, one at a time, over the last fifteen years.The first and last thing that really needs to be said about the G7th is this -- it doesn't put my guitar out of tune. Virtually at all. I can capo all the way up to the seventh or eighth fret and my micro-sensitive tuner shows that I'm still within one glowing light of being perfectly on. That's it. Yes, the G7th is sleek and beautiful, like a tiny sculpture, and glorious to look at, and sometimes I just want to stare at it. Yes, it's easy to put on, just a mere squeeze of the hand away from being perfectly in place. Yes, it appears to be sturdy enough to outlive me and my descendants. But the tuning thing is all that really sets one capo apart from another, at the end of the day, and this one kills it.I own three Shubbs, a Kyser, a Dunlop, and one of those rolling capos. They're all good. I don't hate any of them. But this capo takes away all the uncertainty and irritation of being a fraction out of tune with the rest of the band, or with myself. It makes playing guitar with a capo effortless and a joy.
This is the last Capo you will ever need to buy unless you have the need for both curved and straight capos for various fretboards in which case you'll still want to stay with the G7th capos for both needs. No need to worry about damaging your guitar neck from over tightening or nonpadded contact. No spring clamp to wear out & lose gripping strength which produces a buzz over time.  Low profile design is the easiest for playability as you don't have to learn to play around it like you do on a Keyser. The unique, adjustable tension also allows you to control to sound to your liking, great for advanced tricks like capoing just a few strings. Can't say enough about this easy to use tool with ultra simple, unobtrusive design.  Love it and have one in every case.
Probably the best capo I have ever had. It's easy to put on and holds the strings well. Although you always need to check the tuning after putting any capo on a guitar, this one seems not to upset the tuning too much. I'm impressed.
The G7th Performance Capo is by far the nicest capo I have had in 35 years of playing. The main obstacle in using in using a capo is it throwing your guitar all out of tune every single time. Well, the G7th Performance capo is definitely the Worlds best at keeping your guitar in tune. It is easy to use. And holds all strings down completely and easily. The G7th Performance Capo is something that you will definitely not want to lose.
I'm a beginner and I try to learn to play guitar. I was looking for many different capo's but this one was my choice base on other folks review. Is easy to apply small and sexy ;-)
A friend of mine who is a guitar repair genus (and budding luthier) recommended this capo when I mentioned intonation problems with my guitar...I had always had some issues with it, but it was liveable. The real problem began when I switched to different strings- silk and steels. I  LOVED the tone I was now getting, but the intonation problems were suddenly much worse.What I had not considered, until my friend mentioned it, is that while my new strings provide the tonal warmth I was looking for, they are also easier to "bend out of tune". (Duh, I should have thought about this, it makes perfect sense in retrospect!) The capo I had been using was putting WAY too much pressure on the strings, and  greatly exacerbated the existing issue... one that will ultimately need to be taken in and repaired.So he mentioned this capo, and I immediately chortled. ($50 bucks? That's how much he payed. Yikes!)Then he grabbed his G7 from the car and let me try it. The strings stayed in tune! That's $350 on repair I can pocket for other things, at least for the time being. I was so impressed!I ordered one the next day.I am sure I will miss not being able to stick it on the usual perch when I am playing live, but it is really easy to use in general, and I won't look back. The intonation issues are greatly reduced, and I am thrilled.Worth every penny.
We bought the Pyle-Pro Lavalier Wireless Microphone System for use with thePyle Pwma230. We needed an extra wireless mic for our workshop presenters and this was a very inexpensive choice. For the price, this worked a lot better than I expected but it did take some adjustment to the "Trim Screw" on the receiver to get the clarity and range needed. We also had to tape the little wire antenna up so it wasn't hanging in front of the speaker (this might not be an issue for you, depending on where you plug yours in).There are a lot of very expensive wireless mic units that I'm sure would provide better sound and range, but this one works just fine for our uses.Overall, a good value for the low cost of this unit.
Barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. I do however question whether the word "Pro" should apply to this system. Although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. The signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. To its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.After playing with the device for a couple more minutes, I noticed that any movement whether I kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and I moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. Even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. YIKES!!! Perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which I previously described above. I'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. I'll probably be returning this unit asap.
If you have a better mic, you can plug that into the transmitter as it's a simple mini jack (1/8&#34;) and that helps this sound wise quite a bit!  I will say range is not great, it won't go 500 feet like my expensive Sennheiser kit but this will go about 30 feet line of sight before  cutting out.Note it's VHF, not UHF so it is more prone to interference.I find the transmitters' to be cheap and the battery cover does not fit all that well.  I also wish it was an XLR connection.  A lock on the plug to the transmitter would also have been nice and note the clip and all that is plastic so don't toss this around or it WILL break.For general use in doors, it's decent and for sure worth the price...but if you're looking for something clear, you should look to spend at least $500 on a wireless lapel or handheld system.
Bought this as a back-up to my AT system and have only tried it in my living room. Home tests show it works fairly well in that environment although I think I hear a little distortion if I turn the gain up too much (I don't think you can change the gain on the AT system). My only nitpick is that I'll need to use an adapter to go from the guitar plug to a 1/8&#34;. For the price, it's amazing. I just hope it works in the field as well.
I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver... nothing works. The audio is always clipped. Don't even think of using this for music.
i love it! im using this mic to record my vocals for my home made demos, it works just awesome. quality and price, im just satisfied!
Best sounding vocal mike for the bucks.  I tried many MXL mikes (under 200) and this was the only one that came close.  Unfortunately, the top end isn't as defined as a AT2035 or NT1-A.  So I ended up forking out 2x as much and going with the latter.
Love this little guy! I was previously using a Blue USB Snowball. This just sounds so much fuller and more real.
These microphones were made for the studio, I used it for live performance, you better have a good PA System to enjoy the sound, there everything that the video showed, it's a great microphone period. Top of the line and it works great, thank you Marshall Electronics and Amazon.
For years I've owned a nice AT4033. Recently I've wanted to be able to "double-mic" vocals for vocal doubling ambiance, chorus effect, etc., but didn't have the cash for another AT4033 or similar. After searching the net extensively, I kept seeing the MXL770 rated very highly and decided to take the plunge and figured I'll just return it if it's not any good. Wow! I can't hear any discernible difference when simultaneously recording the AT4033 on the left channel and the MXL770 on the right channel. They both sound great and I think the MXL even looks better and feels just as solid as the AT. A definite keeper.It's great that advancements in design and engineering are producing high quality products for the masses at rock bottom prices ($69). Who says you can't afford the "good" stuff these days. Keep it up technology gurus!
I got this mic to record a vocal podcast and so far I'm very happy with the results.  The sound quality is wonderful, the sensitivity is amazing!  Clarity is great, packaging is nice with the carry case and included stabilizer.  I'm not an audio expert, but so far the sound quality out of this mic sounds very excellent to me.
Best price and overall value compared to the name brands.  This product has exceeded expectation and we are intending on buying many many more!
Did a ton of research out there b4 I bought this. I can't BELIEVE that so many manufacturers are asking for hundreds for freaking sheets of bent metal! What a racket it is. If I could make one I would. This one was cheap and does the job. Dunzos.
These tuning machines are great.They are a little heavier than the stock tuners on my guitars but they help keep your guitar in tune as intended.I needed the tuners replaced on an Applause (Ovation copy) guitar (the bushings fell out of one of the tuners and it became really floppy and refused to stay in tune)and a Washburn guitar. They fit on my Washburn and my Applause perfectly with zero need to ream or drill.The tuner hole size is .391 or 25/64 and of course if your hole size is smaller you must either use a drill or tuner reamer (yes a tuner reamer is a real tool just look at a place like Stewart MacDonald). You may be required to pre-drill for the screws that go through the back of the tuner.It is only one hole and very small.The vendor was quick in sending these tuners but there was no way to trace the package and it became difficult to receive it due to the fact it had to be signed for.The run around at the post office of getting it re-sent was ridiculous.The vendor should try to provide a tracking number so customers can avoid all of the back and forth and have an estimate as to when the package will arrive.
These things are heavy duty and thick.  The stock ones they replaced are so wimpy next to these things.  Quality devices.
Put a set of these on my Rogue Grand Concert, now the guitar stays in tune beautifully! Worth every penny!
I placed these on my usa made ovation baladeer. Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners. This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed. To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning.
This works better than the QK10B model by the same company.  Slim and easy to install though longer than the QK10B.  Since the cut out and button are on only one side of the two parts, you might have to rotate a mic boom, etc., to achieve a proper position after connecting the two parts.  My use was for an IPad clamp attached to a mic stand.  It worked well and I put two of these in place so the stand could break down for packing in a gear bag.  This unit wiggles a little but not as much as the QK10B so the little bit of movement is acceptable.  This looks to be well built and should be reliable. The long haul will be the test.
This is just what the doctor ordered. I bought three and am purchasing 3 more. All of these units threaded nicely into all of my stands and microphone holders. If I switch one mic to another stand, it could not be easier, just a press of a little button. With different shock mounts on different mics, I don't have to worry about re-threading the mounts each time I change mic stands. The time it saves is also invaluable. No problem with quality control on the 3 I now have, and I have no complaint with the build. Great for the studio, where I use mine, would think It would be clumsy for a performer who takes a mic on and off a stand, use a clip for that.Addendum:I love these so much, I have bought one for each mic in my locker, and each stand. That's a total of 12. None of them have failed after almost a years worth of use, the best invention for a mic since the shock mount. These will save you time, guaranteed!
I have used a variety of these types of adapters in the past, and these are an excellent newer version.  In this case I bought just one quick release to use for mounting a kick drum microphone that has the stand adapter permanently attached to the microphone.  With this quick release installed on the stand and the microphone, the kick drum microphone now mounts to the stand in mere seconds and stays in place very well.I don't quite know why the locking ring is silver on an adapter that is black everywhere else, but at least the ring is good quality and the threads are clean and precise.
These great little accessories are a nice convenience.  The allow a singer to remove the mic from the stand without the normal loud pop from removing it from a wireless clip.  This particular model adds a feature that locks the microphone in the desired position (older models would swivel without much effort).  Bought 6 to replace to older models I had on stage.  They've worked out great: the mics all stay in position when popped on the straight stands, no spinning.  Copasetic.
I'm using it for my Alesis Q49 MIDI keyboard.  Folds up easy so I can tuck it away.  It may not work with a keyboard smaller than 49 keys.  As you lower it the support spreads out wide.  Good quality.  Adjustable height and for the dept of the keyboard.
This works exactly as intended, and is a perfect size for my MS2000.  Not really sure what the going price is on other stands, but I'm very happy with what I paid for it.  No worries of my synth falling over or anything like that, the only issue I had was with putting it together at first.  The picture in the instructions was kind of hard to figure out, because there are different sized bars that were kind of difficult to interpret.  But it was probably more of my error, and even with that it just meant I had to unscrew them and screw in the right ones.
This keyboard is pretty dope. I bought this a while back when I bought my Samson 49 key midi keyboard. It's been a little over 2 years and I've used it ever since. I recommend this to anyone buying a keyboard in the future or currently. You can't go wrong with this stand.
This is a sharp looking strap that looks much nice in person than in the photos here on Amazon.  The strap feels sturdy, and the material is just slippery enough to make moving about easy.  Definitely glad I bought this!
Quality strap that fits tight & secure on my signature Dime and matches the Dean From Hell lightening graphics perfectly.
This strap looks better in person than on the computer. It has a nice soft feel and doesn't scratch the neck like the belt straps do and the color goes well with a varity of instrument looks and colors.
Re-strung my Eko Ranger 12 with these D'Addario EJ-38 light strings and am again getting a nice ringing tone with good sustain.  No issues like breaking or dead strings that I had with Elixir's, just good sound.
Awesome quality strings! Love em! Just re-strung my 12 string. It was a hassle but I got it done nicely.
D'Addario is one of those manufactures that seem content with making a quality product for a reasonable price.  Their string selections compare very well to the pricer brands and I have yet to find a better buy.
I always love to D'Addario strings on my 6 string guitars so I decided to order these for my new 12 string Ovation 245.  They sound great.  Of course guitar strings can be a personal preference.  Over the years I have been experimenting with various makes and  I always seem to return to these.  This does not mean I will not try others.  I surely will continue to experiment.  I am one to change the strings on my guitars on a very regular basis.  I spend my Summer in Canada and Winters in Florida and I can assure you that the climate is much drier in Canada than Florida.  Strings on my guitars left behind in Florida for the Summer will deteriorate quickly even if they are in a humidity controlled environment.  I  find the D'Addario strings will stay in better condition than others.
Good strings
These strings sound great and so far have held tune well after a couple of days of stretching.  I have them on my Luna 12 string and the sound is rich.  I would purchase them again.
Use these to replace the garbage machines that came on my (older model) Gold Tone banjo ukulele. Smooth as silk, work great - as all GROVERS do!
They call these mini tuners, but to me they are just right. Some tuners are too big and bulky looking imho. I installed them on a PRS SE Santana in just a few minutes. They were direct drop ins. To use them you simply grab the top and turn it until it clicks. Then you line the hole up with the center of the headstock, insert the string and then turn the tuning peg. You'll feel it &#34;lock in&#34; then about another quarter turn and the string is in tune. They are really good tuners and I think anyone will be pleased with the tuning stability they offer.
Replaced a stock fender speaker in a modified Mustang Lead II cabinet that I now use connected to a Hughes and Kettner amp.  This speaker dramatically improved the sound of the cabinet, and sounded good using the Mustang II amp as well.  This speaker seems to take some of the sizzle and shrill off the high-end to make a nice even sound.  I'm quite pleased with this speaker.
I built a custom cabinet and installed this baby.  Boy does it crank.  I've tried a couple different heads and they all sound great.  I play mostly clean and this speaker makes the tube tones shine.
Against most educated and experienced advice from many blogs I installed one of these in my 1972 Twin Reverb 100 watt. The original speakers are too Hi-Fi sounding for me.They hurt my ears, so clean. This speaker has all the range and a little bonus sizzle to boot, but in a round, full, musical way. Again to those who may like to tread in my ill advised path, these are 50 watt speakers, the Twin Reverb is 100 watts. Right now I have the CR and one original speaker running in my TR. I'll get another CR if this one holds up okay. But I'm in a band that plays small rooms a lot so I dont crank it past 4-5 very often. I'll post an update if this speaker fails. But at least on an initial run, I'm glad I bought it.Rock And Roll Forever!
The Eminence Patriot Cannabis Rex is probably the smoothest sounding guitar speaker I've ever heard.  Period.This does not mean that it's dull sounding or muffled at least, not if you hearing is still good.  I hesitated quite a bit before I decided to buy it and install it in my Fender Mustang II but my worries were for naught. Incredibly, it tamed the icepick highs without losing the shimmer and clarity of my clean sounds.  Yet, for overdrive sounds, there is very little fuzziness - just a big full and FAT sound that's articulate without being buzzy.  If you play metal you'll probably hate this speaker but if you like bluesy, classic rock and jazzy sounds, this is a speaker to seriously consider.  I turned my Mustang II into an open back combo and the Cannabis Rex gave the amp the low end extension that it needed.  I had to turn the treble control up a bit more but unlike most amps, it never got shrill or piercing, just buttery smooth and clear. It's also much more efficient than the stock speaker at 102db@1W/1M.I don't know how Eminence did it but I love it!
You can find "cheaper" ones, but sometimes the Schallers are same price if not cheaper.  These are the best design of lock in my opinion and will hold up to years of abuse and use.  I've had several sets for 13+ years and use them without hesitation.
I have these on 5 of my guitars now, with my acoustic and a &#34;novelty&#34; guitar being the exceptions. I can't stand the thought of not using these after seeing too many expensive guitars hit the floor after the straps let loose. Other styles have a button, which seems more convenient, but the Schaller locks are pull style which is far more secure if something bumps the end of the lock. These are the only locks I'll use now.
I'm never playing another guitar without these locks!After my Custom Telecaster fell. The neck went out of wack, I had to readjust the truss rod and spend hours to setup the guitar again! That's every musician's nightmare!I immediately started doing research for a proper locking mechanism for my straps. Schaller kept coming up. I looked at the design and was confident it was safe to use.One issue you may run into is the nut running loose. That's not a problem with the scaller locks, it happens to anything that uses these type of nuts (it has happened on my guitars where the input jack is). A drop of glue around the threading can fix that issue easily.
These are a must-have item. Heretofore, I've been using the Planet waves strap with a straplock mechanism. While it's an innovative system that doesn't require any installation, the plastic ends are large and a bit awkward and can get in the way of things.I installed the Schallers on my Warmoth Strat body -- I found that I needed to add some toothpick pieces per the recommendations of others to achieve a super tight fit -- not a big deal at all. These Schallers are exactly what I wanted. 5 stars, and a no-brainer.
I got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass I had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. Also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. I had never used strap locks before and don't think I will again.
I bought these black locks to go on a black Stratocaster I built. I don't use any strap locks but Schallers on any of my guitars or any that I build. I recently bought some Fender locks that worked fine but were too large for me and all of my existing straps wouldn't fit them.
I've used these straplocks for many years on all my electric instruments; they're fairly inexpensive, and I've never had a problem with them, never broke one nor had to replace them because of wear/abuse, and I've NEVER had a guitar/bass hit the floor.  A couple of warnings here, which have nothing to do with the quality of the straplocks: 1.) you need to make sure the screw is snug in the hole; some people put a matchstick, toothpick, piece of paper or SOMETHING inside the hole to tighten it up if the hole's too big or has been stripped out; I use a touch of Elmer's Glue, screw in the straplock, and let it sit for a day.  2.) You have to make sure the ends that fasten to your strap are securing enough of the strap so that it doesn't work itself off the end; use a socket to get the nut really tight.  New straps seem to be easier to secure.
I have Schaller Security Strap Locks on all but one of my guitars and will probably purchase Schallers for that one soon. These give you an added sense of security because they can be adjusted to work with gravity, the post sits in the lock rather that depending just on springs to hold it in place. My Larrivee RS-4 came with these and converted me to Schaller.
Their are two issues with these strap-locks that I have come across.The first issue is with thick straps. I purchased a nice leather Levi's strap (which I love), but their didn't seem to be enough threads on the lock to fit the strap on. I managed to get it to work by thinning the leather of the strap with a vise. Overall it wasn't a huge issue, just a bit annoying.The second issue is actually a very concerning to me. Both of my guitars have begun to randomly unclip themselves from the straps and fallen to the ground. Not good. I think it has something to do with the metal on the locks getting either bent or worn down, whatever it is I don't like having my guitars fall to the floor.I have these on two of my guitars, both of which are very heavy. It's the first thing I do when I purchase an instrument. They're pretty easy to put on the strap and guitar, and they do securely hold the instrument in place, mostly. I've had them on one of my guitars for over ten years, and on the other for over five.I probably won't change to a different set of locks, for fear of stripping the holes on my guitars, but my next guitar will be getting some Dunlop straplocks (http://www.amazon.com/Dunlop-Design-Straplok-System-Nickel/dp/B0002CZVXM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1357264576&sr;=8-1&keywords;=straplock)which seem a lot better and more sturdy.
Schaller guitar strap locks work really, really well. However, I had problems at first until I made some changes.- First off, you need to put a drop of lock tight on the threads or the nut will loosen. The blue stuff will be more than enough.- Second, the lock can grab the strap pin on your guitar and turn/loosen the screw over time. Kinda defeats the purpose of the locks if they hold on to the button but the button comes out of your guitar. So... When I install the new button, I put a drop of epoxy in the screw hole first. Never had one unscrew again.If you do those things first, you will never have your guitar strap fall off by accident. Ever... But, you can remove the strap any time you want easily by disengaging the lock.
Schaller strap locks keep your guitar in place. They have been around a long time and hold up well with time. I also have used dunlops, which are nice as well, but these seem to be the better product IMHO.
I've only had these strap locks for a couple weeks, however, they've performed well so far. The fail proof U holding the guitar is what sold me on these. I would recommend these strap locks over any others currently on the market, but I'm working on designing a better lock.
I bought these through Amazon about a year ago and have installed them on all of my guitars. I have both the nickel and black on heavy basses and they have never let me down. I have since installed them on an electric and acoustic guitar out of convenience and purpose. The locks work great and give you an added sense of security.The reviews of the locks speak for themselves and no matter what style of guitar, whether it's a Les Paul, strat or active bass, I would strongly suggest them. I have never used the Dunlop locks, but have heard that some Epiphone and Gibson Les Pauls have mounting holes more suited for Dunlops.One thing to note is that all of these come with their own longer screws to use if needed. I never had to use them, but they are a nice touch and ended up in the parts bin.
About ten years ago, I installed strap locks on my first guitar (Fender Stratocaster). They worked well and were easy to install. I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. I had to drill additional holes no two guitars (Gibson SGs).  Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller. The components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than Dunlop. It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice.  I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning. I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results.
This is as simple and as reliable as it gets. YOu don't need anything else to have your guitar secured to the belt!
This is definitely a microphone stand for amateur use - it would probably fall apart fairly quick "on the road" or if it were adjusted constantly.That being said, it's a great little stand for low duty/home use. I'm using it with a Blue enCORE 100 microphone, which isn't really heavy, but still weighs close to a pound. This stand holds it very sturdily, and with the boom feature, it can be set up in just about any position I would ever need.If you have a fairly lightweight mike and just need something to set and forget, this is a decent stand.And for less than $25 bucks, it's a bargain.
Be aware that when the boom is extended between the tripod stance that it can be a little tippy. Other than that,,,,,,,,,an excellent value
who cares if they were used or hanging around the warehouse hey they went together and don't show any wear and tear to me...love them...thanks
I was not expecting the Onstage Tripod boom microphone stand to be this good.* The bottom tripod stand is very sturdy and keeps the microphone stand balanced.* The main microphone stand pole is very thick and robust. It is built like a baton.* The arm is adjustable and long. I usually hang my headsets and other cables on this adjustable arm. It can hold quite a bit of weight. I haven't tried it yet, but it holds two of headsets and myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Micwith ease. The adjustable arm also spins 360 degrees.* Smooth movement. When I need to move my attached microphone around, it is a smooth, leveled motion.I love this microphone stand. It stands tall and can telescope up to about 5 feet tall. Very high quality microphone stand. Buy with confidence!
It's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. We use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. For the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.Of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what I've experienced.It's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.Seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.If you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price).
good quality for my casual use.  I wouldn't use it on stage because of stability or weight related issues, it's too light.
I bought two of these for my band, and they are fantastic. Granted they are not the Hercules stands that I use, but they work for my two other singers. Great quality, and I would definitely buy them again.
I've been buying cheap stands and I'm never really getting what I want. I finally bought this. Nice and solid.
I like mic stands with folding legs (like this) as opposed to weighted bases, since they're easier to travel with.  Quality-wise, this stand feels solid, but not amazing &#8211; it's a mixture of plastic and metal construction.  For the price I paid (around $25), it's a nice piece of kit and everything holds as it should.  It also folds down pretty well.  Note that it does not include any kind of microphone clip or mount, so you'll need to provide your own.  The cable clips are a nice touch.
I really like this stand, I even bought a second one after giving it a try. Is solid, you maybe need to tight too strong to avoind the weight of the mic to bring the arm down, buy, I can do that.Recommended.
i mean, sure they get the job done, but there're 2 things i'm not too convinced about.. first stability, you have to be very very careful as how you distribute the microphone's weight, and be pretty careful not to rotate it even a litlle bit, otherwise, you'll find yourself with a shure sm-58 with a dent, like myself. and second... i haven't had actually any bad experience with this, but don't seem to be that strongly built. for those 2 reasons i changed to hercules.
These are exactly what the doctored ordered. I have one setup to mic my guitar amp, and another setup to mic my voice for doing guitar video exchanges. They are excellent quality for the money.
Does exactly what you want it to do. It even comes with these little clips for running the cable down the stand. It's easy to set up and easy to take down. If you're looking for a mic stand, buy this one- you really can't go wrong.
i use this one a lot, its light weight and sturdy. it would be nice to have a counter weight for the long reaches, but can work around that detail. its well made
Quite resistant and reliableGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
No where on the description does it say that the mic clip is NOT included.  The only place is on the box AFTER you have received the item.  There's no instruction (which is fine). But in the product description it doesn't say that you must purchase the mic clip separately or you can't use it.I bought this and have it shipped second day because I need to use it and now I can't because it doesn't come with a Mic Clip which I have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping.  The price is the stand is reasonable had it included the mic clip.  But without it, I felt cheated.
I am totally satisfied with the stand.  I had some misgivings after reading some negative reviews on Amazon but this stand serves me well.  The misgivings I had was with the extra weight I intended to place on it with my tablet stand equipment and the Samsung tablet.  However, I am very happy to report that it handles the extra weight very well and does topple over even when the boom is extended with the mic and space needed for the tablet and guitar playing.  I easily reommend this Item.
I needed a cheap mic stand that didn't break the bank.  This little guy fit the bill.  I don't know if it could stand up next to the Hercules stands that I have used for years in terms of long-term durability, but for a simple, home-use stand, it is perfect.  It is sturdy, the knobs feel tight and is balanced.  Great entry-level stand!
Light weight but sturdy enough
Its a little unstable at times, but the fasteners and adjustment areas on this stand do keep the stand in place and such that it can be good for a sound studio or classroom setting, not sure if I would recommend it for professional use, but that's why you spend more for better quality right?
This is a tough deal to beat on a boom stand. It is very well made, and it is very adjustable so no issues sitting or standing, playing with an instument or just singing. Only thing, make sure you read the description well. It is a euro stand so it has 5/8"-27 threads. It does not come with a mic clip. When I ordered my mic from Behringer, their clip had 3/8" standard threads which obviously would not attach. I ordered a univeral clip so that drove the cost up some. Now if the manufacture would just provide a clip, they would have the best stand deal going. Overall, I would buy again!
This stand is probably one of the most popular among smaller bands, jammers and home studio owners because I run across them everywhere. And like everyone else I wound up with a few of my own. Here is what I have learned during the four or so years I have owned and used this model:- For the money they are a bargain and work extremely well in home studios and practice spaces (assuming the areas are not overly cramped.)- They hold up under light gigging and jamming, meaning they are not transported more than two or three days a week.- Good stability inside, even with heavier microphones like theBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone. Not so good outside if there is a fair breeze.I lost one to stepping inadvertently on one of feet, which immediately broke, and another has started binding when I try to extend or collapse the center pole. Those problems are not necessarily quality issues since in the case of the broken tripod it was my fault and not the gear's. As for the binding - I am sure that a good amount of grime has found its way into the tube after four years of use and transporting the stands. Had I taken better care of them those problems may have been prevented.For inexpensive stands these are hard to beat. However, I now use theSeismic Audio - Tripod Microphone Mic Boom Stand - PA/DJ/Band/Church/Wedding use, which I consider to be a superior stand for a small increase in price. Also, for outside use or when stage real estate is an issue I have found the old school styleOn Stage MC7201B Round Base Microphone Stand, Blackto be a far better solution.
I use this for my home recording studio. This stand is versatile enough to be used at almost any angle. From playing and singing piano, recording guitar and vocals, and other various positions. Sometimes hard to keep the mic firmly in place but that may be a function of my shock mount.Cheap and highly recommended.
I like the stand. It makes my recording convenient. It is well built. The adjustable parts are easy to use.
Got this stand to mount a Studio Projects C1 condenser mic.  The stand is very stable and works well.  It is very reasonably priced as well.
It's well built enough to stand up to regular use.  I use mine for recording and some performance.  It' works great.
Currently using this with the Blue Yeti microphone and the Blue Radius Shock Mount. When fully extended, the arm can't hold the entire weight of the shockmount+Yeti microphone. I rigged it behind my monitor wall mount frame (didn't want to mount the montiors to the walls) and it works just fine.Not as fancy as a retractable arm, but it does the trick just fine.
When you extend it out all the way, it sometimes topples over due to little weight on the bottom, but other than that, this stand is perfect.
Provides everything I need from a mic stand.  Everything locks up nice so the stand remains firm.  Packs up small.  I knocked off one star because if you look carefully at the stand, it leans ever so slightly.  It is after all a cheap Chinese stand.
This stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music I can tell. Awesome stand and I would recommend to anyone!
Not the best quality in the world, but for the price tag is wasn't half bad! If you're doing something more professional it may wear out overtime, but if it's just for personal use, you should be fine with this product!
I cant play real guitars ....... but i did buy this for Rock Band. This is perfect with the boom i can sing and play without the stand getting in the way. This has so many adjustment spots no one will have a problem getting a good position with it. I even use it when im drumming. I highly recommend this for real players or even plastic players.  Well this one is actually better than most of the ones my wifes band has.  Oh its almost impossible to knock down too, believe me the cats have tried.
What more can you ask for in a pedal that runs you twelve clams and ships for free?  This is not the highest quality pedal in terms of construction or tones, but it gets the job done nicely for cheap.  If you are just starting to experement with stomp boxes (or you are addicted to collecting stompboxes like yours truely), you can't go wrong with the FAB line.  I find the placement of the knobs just slightly annoying, but it's a nitpick at this price point.  If you are looking for something like the Boss DS-1, this will pretty much cover the bases at less than a quarter of the price of the Boss pedal.  If you are looking for more of a light breakup kind of box on the cheap, get the dano overdrive instead (the silver one).  I also find that for about ten bucks more, Behringer makes some great clone pedals.
This pedal works great and doesn't slide at all. The adjustment helps me to get just the right amount of distortion I need. Not the best pedal out there by far, but great for a beginner with a limited budget.
The only reason I'm not giving this one star is that I didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. I got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals. We have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. NOPE. This pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. AVOID.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-1 Distortion effects pedal works great and gives me that  mind blowing distortion you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but thats my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Great little pedal, economical and worked flawlessly.  It didn't have a power supply or battery included, for a low price what do you expect?  Besides batteries aren't that expensive.  Cranked out a nice distortion for my Fender guitar.  Great product.
This delay pedal doesnt give you massive distortion, but a nice bit of fuzz.  I'm impressed with what you get for the price!
It's not bad. It would be better if I bought one large enough for my finger. Still, I'd rather stick with a Copper slide.
This is a great glass slide, but the ring size seems to be smaller than announced. My finger stays too tight. Not uncomfortable, but it takes some effort to get it out.
No sign of wear and tear. and the holes are really tight, minimizing the likelihood of the guitar breaking free occasionally (it never once came undone in all these months, not sth you can say about all guitar straps)
This was my first strap. It looks good, feels pretty strong, and it is difficult to strap to the guitar. By being difficult, I mean it takes some time to squeeze it to the buttons, and it holds on tight. This makes me feel safe having my guitar suspended about three to four feet above the ground. You can't beat the price either!
They say there the best there not wrong wool awesome good buy
This with my Behringer XM8500 is perfect.I like that it is branded with the planet waves logo on the connectors rather than plain XLR cables Which adds a sense of a quality look my gear. This goes directly into my Focusrite 2i2 interface and I'm planning on using this same cable with a condenser microphone I have yet to purchase.
I've been using this mic cable for over ten years, and it had come up missing after an event. I looked everywhere I could think of, and thought I had lost it for good. One day, I happened to look between a ball of TV cable wire in the rehearsal room, and there it was. I didn't remember where I'd gotten it, or even the manufacturer. Although I have more than a dozen mic cables, this pliable cable, with it's own elastic clasp, was always my favorite.  I was ecstatic the day I found it, after months without it, and now have a backup. I highly recommend this cable.
So far so good! And I know if anything goes wrong I just have to return it to a local dealer.  Well worth the investment!
If you want a little more &#34;meaty&#34; sound and feel on les pauls and similar guitars, this set is the ticket.Just slightly heavier feel but much more tone.As usual, after switching to heavier strings you may have to tighten your truss rod a bit to compensate for greater string tension.
If you want an inexpensive "pure nickel" string get theDR Strings Pure Blues Pure Nickel Wrap Round Core.They feel nice, are nicer to your frets, sound smooth and mellow for the blues or any genre. They bendnicely and sustain just as well.I know guitar strings can be a personal thing, and there are more expensive pure nickels out there, butat this price point try a set of these as well. You may be surprised.I have rated this set at '4' stars because only after about 16 hours of practice the 'D' string windingbroke at the second and third fret of my Gibson Standard. No damage to the frets and it was easilydiscovered because the string sounded dull, almost dead. Strange.I recently went 'electric' again after 20+ years. So electric guitar strings are basically a new experiencefor me again. That said, I never had an acoustic wound string have its winding come loose in over 30years  of playing.I put another set on my electric and have had no further problems. I have not heard of this happeningto anyone else. Maybe its no big deal, so no one remarks on it...UPDATE 07/14/2013: I am still using DR Blues on my guitars and have not had any further problems withthem..UPDATE 01/08/2014: I just had the D string windings break on a new set. Different guitar but broke onthe same frets as reported above.
I did a little research to find the best strings and other reviews aimed me at these.  I just got done stringing them and they sound great. I think these will be what I play from now on.
I didn't know how Pure nickel was different than other nickel wraps.  I was origianlly disappointed in the sound.
works great. Haven't had a problem until now. Very durable and not uncomfortable either. Really awesome item for any type of electric guitar.
While ordering a guitar case, the guitar strap popped up and I could not pass up the deal.  I found it price inexpensive and the quality was very good.
Works and it is good.No problem, very standard one. All your own preferences. So you need to try it out before you say if that works for you.
I bought another heavy LP guitar recently and thought I'm going to use Fender "leather" strap I bought in Target a while ago (not sure why  - i never buy guitar stuff there) it looks good then. Well, you get what you pay for - leather looking paper wouldn't hold guitar. So, I gave it a chance and bough this on and it seems like this strap holding well. Ends is actually made from leather and fit buttons tightly. It still not too wide to play for few hours - but for that you have to buy $30+ one. So, this one works well for the price.
The strap is strong and well made. The color is perfect and with the pick pocket it makes for an easy place for picks to be stored. I like it a lot.
Arrived on time and as described.  The strap is well made and suspect it will be around for some time to come.  It is basic and not fancy.  It does the job, is comfortable and the price is right.  I have four of these Pro Tec straps having replaced all my old straps some of which date back a way too many years.  This one has the pick pocket which seemed like a neat idea.  So far forget to use it but that will come.
A strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? It was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. It's comfortable and fits my bass well. I'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if I needed it. Nice value.
Bought this for my Kona K2 acoustic, it fits and holds well on the guitar with the leather ends. Its adjustable with a pick pocket, Simple, good quality, would by another.
Bought this strap for use with my Dean EVO electric. It's very nice and durable, though the leather on the ends was really tough to get around the strap holders on the guitar since the strap is really heavy-duty. It works great, though, and for the price it's wonderful.
While on the surface the pocket sounds great, the picks either fall out because they aren't pushed in far enough or they are impossible to grab because they are pushed in too far. There is also a tendency for the picks to fall out when you put the guitar on a stand, which is a bit annoying.The strap itself is just fine and is a good price, but the pocket idea sounded better on paper than it works in real life.
I really like the idea of a &#34;Pick&#34; pocket in the strap. In fact I like it so well.... that when I replace the strap on my other guitar I'll make sure it also has the same type of strap.
Fine product!i've been using it for 1 monthno dirty thread or any issue with itleather is bit tough at first time
Cheap crappy strap. It's too stiff, not comfortable at all. I regret purchasing this... Save your money, go hunt for a Coach strap or something similar. They are expensive but worth it.
I needed a new bass strap because my old one was frying at the ends. I choose this one because it was very durable. The nylon is very strong, I do not see it fraying in the future. The leather eds are nice and thick so the hook wont slip off the strap pegs. The guitar pick pocket on the the leather ends is a nice addition to keep your picks at hand. Good colour selection too. Highly recommended!
My son was very happy with this guitar strap.  He is just developing good techniques in playing and the comfort of this strap works well.
Good quality but not as nice as some pricier ones.  If I want better I would shop around and pay more.  Does the job for now.
This is a very secure and almost comfortable. There should be a pick pocket on both ends but it is a nice feature.
This is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, I try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage.  Other than that it is usable, sort of, but I am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with.
It's well made and is fine as straps go but the pick pocket isn't much use. The picture implies that it hold the pick so that it's partially exposed and easy to grab. However the pocket is bigger that this and fairly loose so that picks tend to fall out when taking the strap off.
I am pleased with this guitar strap and feel it will do great for the young musician in our home.
The only problem is that the pick falls out of the pocket rather easy. Also the holes are a little hard to hook, in the beginning.
Well, here's what i have to say, this strap is much shorter than im used to, but seeing how I bought this for an off guitar, that's ok. They really should put the length in the description, the length is 53" max, where I like my straps to be 64" max.It is a hard strap to get on the guitar, (I do not suggest getting this strap withDunlop Dual Design Straplok System, Nickel), these are great locks, BUT almost impossible to install on this strap.Overall great buy for a cheap little money saver.
If you need a simple, normal-length strap, this should work fine.  However, if you are tall and like to sling the guitar a bit on the low side, this is not what you need.  I bought this but wound up ordering theErnie Ball 4037 Black Polypro Strapinstead.  Very similar look and feel, but the Ernie Ball is MUCH longer.  The lowest I could get this to hang was just above my waist.  Again, not a bad strap, just not for us tall guys :)
Best strap available for the price. Excellent quality and is very comfy.Love the pick pocket. I will be buying more
Well executed black guitar strap.  It is made of strong, seatbelt-like material with excellent stitching that is unlikely to ever fray or come apart.  The length adjusts easily to accomodate tall adults or children.  It has excellent leather ends with slots cut into the leather to put over you guitar buttons (not-included).  Nothing fancy but great quality that gets the job done inexpensively.
i ordered with my new guitar. These straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here.
Hangs my guitar around my neck so I don't have to hold it there. Easily adjusted. Looks nice. The pick pocket is handy.
I think this is a good deal. It's not colorful and flashy but secures theguitar nicely and as a previous reviewer has said, it is a little difficult toget on but it shouldn't fall off.
This guitar strap is very stiff and cuts into my neck.  Also, the &#34;pick pocket&#34; is only useful when the strap is around your neck.  When you remove the strap, any picks in the pocket fall out.  It is OK, definitely not great.
Nothing fancy about this strap, unless you want to count the pick pocket at one end. Just well made and functional.I got this for my grandson's Squier (by Fender) 3/4 size acoustic. It doesn't have a strap button at the top end. It would have been nice if this had come with a lace of some type to tie on just above the nut. But I work with leather and I found a nice piece of rawhide lace to serve this purpose. Not everyone would necessarily have the materials at hand.
This strap is a great strap. It is comfortable. It is adjustable. It just looks great. I have not used the pick holder yet.
Very nice quality, inexpensive guitar strap. A little tough to get on.... that just means it's not going to come off with use, just make sure it is all the way on before you start using it! Using this on my Ibanez ART100 electric guitar. The pick pocket is a nice extra.
Great idea, well made, nice heavy webbingFit probly 6 or more picks. No need to glue/screw junk on your axe, maybe good with slide, or capo, haven't tried. But good product and price.
If you just need an inexpensive strap that is perfectly functional at a low price then this is the one for you.  Works fine, no problems.
Made of durable nylon with pick pocket. Given 5 stars, Shipped on time and at good price. I recommend this item.
There are other guitar straps that are nearly the same quality for half the price. The thing about this one is that it has a pocket to hold a few picks, which is quite useful. I also like the leather ends, because they dont shift and move around quite as much as my old plastic-ey one did. Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase.
This was a great strap, i used it on my guitar for months and it's so strong that it's tough to take off, i'm buying another one for my bass
A great add on to my student model for acoustic practising. Always add those rubber gasket strap stops too. Fender makes good cheap ones. Guitar will never fall off a strap.
Cheaply made but functional. Keep a couple of these in the bag as spares.They will be handy if you- know- who shows up to the gig without a strap.
I have enjoyed my Protec Strap. I was surprised how well made the leather harnesses are and I have had no issue with them stretching on the strap posts of my Dot Studio. One note would be that these straps are probably better for your lighter body styles - strats, teles, sgs - heavier guitars will tend to start digging into your shoulder after an hour or so. Having the pick pocket is a neat feature. I am just finishing up rebuilding a LP copy and I will be getting another for this guitar net week.
This isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. The pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however I don't find myself using it often. The guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. Recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. Don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it.
These are really well made straps for the money! The only problem I had was that I wished I had ordered more of them!!!!
A little nicer than I thought it would be. As far as inexpensive straps go this one is worth it.  I like the pick pocket too.  But don't let the pocket be the selling point.  It's not that cool.
my guitar strap was old, I replaced it with this one as I didnt want to head into town,, is black and no frills.
they are cheap to buy and they are nice straps for an acoustic.  I am not sure how they would feel on a heavy electric
I really like this strap, it's comfortable, adjusts easily, and the pick holder is really convenient.  This is my second one for my other guitar.
This strap is sturdy and looks good and goes well with a Fender Strat, it doesn't come off every time you get to jamming out and forget you are not sitting down, so you don't have to worry about dropping your guitar so you can focus on rocking out.
Looks like the ends will hold up without having to use strap locks. The pick pocket is cool, though I won't be using it.
The strap is very reliable, the pick pocket is a nice touch, but if playing for extended periods of times, you might want to go with something more comfortable.
for the price u cant go wrong. its long enough .. and well made.. it got here fast and was trackable.. slap and tap an dont forget ur strap.
Very nice strap.  is comfortable as this type of strap can be..  it will with heavier guitars feel like its wearing on you after about an hour.  I ended up switching to their padded strap.  I still think this is a great strap and use it on a lighter guitar now.
Nicely made strong strap with colorful pattern. It fits my ovation quite snuggly, I bought some retainers, but found them unnecessary so far. I couldn't remove this strap if I wanted to, well I could but its just too much work. So it will stay where it belongs for a few years at least.The only thing I don't like about this strap is the edge of the strap is a bit abrasive on my bare neck. Not a problem in the cooler months when I'm prone to sweaters and such, but in the summer it takes a bit of getting used to. It's made of a canvassy cotton, so its strong, but its also a little rough. I'm going to try waxing the edge with canning wax or candle wax and see if that smooths it down a bit.It is a very nice strap and will last years. I like it almost as much as my 40 year old ACE strap, which is much softer due to 40 odd years of use and abuse by a multitude of musicians. But finding an old ACE for anything close to this price is a fools journey.Buy one, then keep your eyes out for a hootenanny. You'll be ready.....
I really like this strap.  I ended up ordering a total of three with different color schemes so I can have one on each guitar.  They're really comfortable.  They're much less bulky than most of the leather straps I've seen, so I can just keep them on the guitar in the case.I've had the original blue one I bought for about 3 years and it still looks and functions like new.
Bought as a gift for my son, and he's very pleased with it. What can you say? It's a guitar strap, it does the job, and looks good. And $20 for a Levy's Leather strap is a good deal. I got the gold, and it's good-looking without being garish.
I love my Levy's Jacquard Straps.  They are colourful.  I have purchase 2 to see how they were.  This one to match with my black Ovation 1861- Balladeer and another to match with my Ovation Maple top CC44.  I now have another one for my new Ovation 12 String CC245 just ordered this week from Amazon.The straps were chosen to match with the guitar colours and my wife thinks that they are awesome and will certainly be talked about by the ladies around when I play my guitars.They tightly fit around the guitar buttons and the shoulders.  I have no regrets with the purchases and I truly recommend those straps to anyone.
There's not a whole lot one can say about a guitar strap, but I'll try. This one is sturdy and adjusts more easily than some I've tried. It's fairy thick and the material doesn't slip around on your shoulder easily. Aesthetically, the woven print is abslutely beautiful. The photo cannot do it justice. The colors and rich and vibrant and the weave is tight, not chintzy or frayed. I'm very pleased with the product and the price.
The look of this strap caught my eye, I have a light colored natural look to my acoustic guitar and the blue complements it really well. The design is colorful and elaborate without being overly loud. Strong build, sort of a double layered nylon strap, and nice thick leather for the ends(one end was actually pretty difficult to put on the guitar when still new, but it should be easier with some wear). Easy to adjust, comfortable. I think that with many things you get what you pay for, and this strap is definitely worth the added cost over the cheap kinds you can get.
This Levy's Jacquard strap is well made and comfortable. It was much cheaper here than any other place on-line or at a brick and mortar. Arrived quite quickly, but a tracking number would've been nice. Otherwise, no compaints.
I installed the Ragin' Cajun into my Fender Super Champ XD.  I read all of the reviews of people saying this speaker turned their Super Champ into a monster and man they were right!  I immediately noticed a difference in the warmth, articulation, and fullness of my sound!  The cleans are warm and...clean, and the distortion is articulate and fits my needs nicely.  I had been trying to play Tool's "Jambi" and the beginning part never sounded right.  I always thought I was doing something wrong because of how muddy it souned.  Tried the same lick with the Ragin Cajun and it sounds perfect!  I would highly recommend this speaker for anyone that owns a Fender Super Camp XD or needs a 10 inch speaker.Two items of note:  1) A few people said this is a bass heavy speaker and I do not agree.  While it is slightly darker than the stock speaker, it has a screaming Mid/Low range.  A quick turn of the Treble knob from 4 to 6 cleaned up the darkness.  2) Don't forget, the first time you install the speaker will be the worst it will sound.  All speakers need to be broken in before they hit their sweet spot.  With that said, this thing sounds amazing directly after install.  Buy, you won't regret!
I installed this in a Super Champ x2.  As others have pointed out you'll have to turn the treble down after installing it.  That's because it's designed for making solos stand out. I.e., for adding punch.  If you're a lead guitarist, this speaker will make your guitar sing.However, if you mostly play rhythm, I'd stick with the stock speaker.I want to put two of these into my 4x10 Blues DeVille to increase its range and make solos sing, while letting the stock speakers give me some bottom.
If you play Rock or Classic Rock & have a Tube amp with a 10 Inch speaker that needs a little more life... Pop one of these in. My little  VHT Special 6 Came Alive with this speaker. Love It!
Simply put, this speaker turned my Super Champ XD into a killer 15watt amp. Gave the amp more low-end and made everything much clearer. I would, and do, recommend this speaker to anyone wanting to upgrade their Super Champ sound. And, like other people have said, the speaker is much louder on the same volume setting. I had to turn the amp down two notches (two number) to have the same volume level out of the amp.If my Super Champ was stolen, I'd buy a new one and put this speaker in it. Wouldn't even think twice about it.
I bought this speaker to replace the stock one in my Fender x2 champ. It has much more weight to it and a way larger, heavier magnet. It has way more bass and is louder than the stock Fender.It sounds much better than the stock one because at the higher volume levels the stock speaker craps out and sounds flubby.  This one solves these issues and sounds great at all levels and settings. Great replacement and a definite upgrade. Makes the champ a SUPER CHAMP.
I purchased this cable to use for a multitude of purposes around my home studio and within my live rig.I am a bass player by trade, though I dabble with many other instrument (as many of us do). I typically run direct for recording and have lately been foregoing a bass amp for many live shows, when the sound system is adequate, via SansAmp ParaDriver or VT Bass Deluxe DI.Around my modest home studio I often need an XLR to run just a few feet from my DI to my interface so the AT cable works well there. For being a thin flexible cable, I notice no noise issues or interference problems.I also sing backups on stage and I typically run my mic into a TC Electronics Mic Mechanic pedal, (which is great for those of us who do not have outboard effects processors for our vocals) and then to the mixer. I use the AT 10' XLR to run from the Mic to the pedal and it allows just the right amount of cable to be routed securely for the show, then I run the standard XLR to mixer or stage snake out of the TC.The cable end are very rugged feeling and have a very solid feel when connecting and disconnecting equipment, unlike many of my other cheaper XLR cables. This cable, at least in its 10' form, sounds just as good as my Mogami Silver 25' XLR. I know that many cheaply priced XLRs are noisy and problematic. I have several. I don't have to worry about those problems with this cable and will be purchasing more in other lengths as well to compare to my Mogami cables.On short, I would recommend it for any budget conscious musical professional or novice alike.
Much better than the more economical one's sold.  I should have gotten the 15 foot, but you live and learn.  My studio is small but it needs to wrap around my desk and go into my sound-proof closet.  It matches my awesome AT2035 microphone.
I use this for my desk mic I use for recording. It is the perfect length and the connectors are of excellent quality, especially for this price. Definitely would buy these again for other mics in the future.
While I wish the bases came in different colors, I really like these hangars. They look good, and perform well. I hang Strats on them and have not experienced any problems (think I saw a video on Youtube that said Strat headstocks could slip).Easy to install, and hanging and releasing is a no-brainer. Have three of these Hercules hangers.
Used these for years on son's electric guitars. No fuss. Mechanics do not seems to wear out, still gripping. No way at all to knock the guitar off the wall. No neck damage to axes. Mounts well, but try to find a stud, certainly. Keeps the guitar far enough away from wall that brushing against it does not hit the body to the wall.No complaints. If you're going to drill your wall, is it really worth it to buy a simple fork style wall hanger with no means to keep your guitar on it if it gets bumped when for a few bucks more you can get the undisputed champion of guitar wall hangers. All 5 star reviews on this baby. And I agree, and I add to that total.  5 stars
Just to confirm several other reviews - these hangers are really nice. They add a nice look to your room and they perform a much-needed function very well. As other have said, though, the drywall mounts are pretty much useless and I DON'T recommend you trust your guitars to them if installed in drywall!Even my lightest guitar was pulling the block away from the wall, so there's no way I'd trust any of my "proper" guitars to these things! I bought some heavy-duty anchors from the local DIY store (you can get them from Amazon tooTOGGLER SNAPTOGGLE BA Toggle Bolt with Bolts, USA Made, For 3/16"-24 Fastener Size (Pack of 10)) and enlarged the hole in the block slightly to accommodate the thicker screw. Much better! I have a few of these, holding up a Les Paul type, a Strat, a Godin and a G&L; tele and they've been holding up (pun intended!) fine for a few weeks now.
Very solid and I feel comfortable hanging my Taylor 414CE in this. Easy to remove the guitar and easy to put the guitar back in and always feels secure. Great item.
I was first exposed to the Hercules locking mechanism when our Praise Band leader brought in his Hercules two-guitar stand and I tried it with both my full-size 12-string guitar and my 5-string banjo. I was impressed. When I decided to buy some guitar hangers to reorganize my music room/amateur studio, I was excited to find that the same Hercules mechanism was available in a couple wall-hanger models. I put them on my wish list, where my son & daughter-in-law found them and bought three for me for Christmas this last weekend. I just finished putting them up and I'm completely satisfied with their solid construction. They give me confidence that they will hold my instruments reliably. I used the provided screws, which worked great for mounting them on the plank walls. I probably wouldn't trust the hollow wall anchors provided for drywall, but instead get something more substantial to mount it (like a toggle anchor).What I'm happiest about is that these hangers can be used with a variety of stringed instruments. The opening is wide enough to accommodate my classical guitar and 12-string guitars but not so wide as to not support my 5-string banjo. (I've submitted a photo showing them holding up a classical & 12-string guitars, and 5-string banjo). My friend plays Gretch semi-hollow body and Fender solid-body (and other) electric guitars with his Hercules 2-guitar stand, so I assume they would also work with the wall hangers.I am happy to recommend this handy little device to anyone who wants to get their favorite instrument up out of the way but still keep it handy.
fits just fine,I have two electric guitars and one bass, nothing can take it down ,you will see it recommended !
Very nice design. It can holds all the my guitars with no issues.  The lock system is amazing and keeps my guitars well secured.
I purchase this Hercules GSP38WB A/G guitar hanger for my Yamaha 700. Is just perfect for what is made for. 100% satisfaction.
I have purchased six of these over the last couple years. Why? Because they work. They mount securely into the drywall and lock the guitar into place. I don't think I'd ever buy any other device to hang a guitar on my wall. They feel rock-solid too.I highly recommend and will be buying more in the future.I gave it 4/5 stars because I haven't used any other devices like these before - maybe there is something better, but I haven't seen it yet.~Slick
I had purchased a Peak violin stand but wasn't thrilled with the height of the violin bow holder -- the tip of the bow dangled just a bit too close to the floor for my comfort.  This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer.  Additionally, this stand allows my violin to be placed on it with the shoulder rest in place while the Peak stand was less secure unless I removed the shoulder rest.  So this stand is more versatile for a performing situation and for days at home when I want to have my violin handy and ready to play as time allows.Warning -- do not use any violin stand at all if you have a cat or dog which can come into the room where the violin is resting on the stand.  The stand does have a lock to help keep the violin on the stand but it would be very easy to knock the whole thing over if a dog or cat were in a playful energetic mood.
My wife plays the fiddle and the mandolin and this stand works great for both of them. It even has a bow holder and it is easy to pack and transport.
This is a great stand for your violin or viola. I use it all the time and I feel that my violin is very safe in it at gigs.
I do need a boom to keep the mic. stand away from my guitar when I'm playing and singing. This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. On Stage has a well built unit here. I have ordered several! Highly recommended. Best price I have found is at Amazon.
I use this for an instrument mic when sitting on stage. Rigid, easily adjustable and inexpensive. Lighter than a full boom.
I was concerned when I bought this that my microphone stand would be prone to tipping over since there isn't a counterweight. However, not only does this thing lock in tight and not slowly tip down like other boom stands I've used in the past, but it hasn't tipped over yet after quite a bit of use.
I use this boom attached to a desk clamp to hold a talk back mic (a cheap SM58 wannabe from Radio Shack). I like how I can collapse and tilt back the boom so it is out of the way when not in use, but then I can  easily position for use with a generous 16 inch reach. Definitely cannot use this with a standard desk mic stand weighted base because of the tip risk, but a clamping mount works very well. The locking clutch is excellent, with a large nob and secure teeth. The smaller knob to control extending the boom is also more than sufficient. Just what I needed.
When this product appeared to be defective I contacted the seller. While they agreed to an exchange they did say that I was liable for up to 5.81 in shipping costs. I thought that more than 25% of the item's cost was a bit much.I decided to conatct the ON STAGE people directly. Not only did they seem genuinely cocerned about their product living up to their standadrs they patiently and politely guided me through the proper set-up, determined that the item was defective and then pronmised me a replacement without having to return the defective item, a microphone boom. I had the replacemnt in about four days.I have been using ON STAGE instrument and microphone stands for several years now. They are extremely well manufactured, they look great and are sturdy as heck. And I am extremely greatful to the compnay for the way they handled my issue.I have rarely been so satisfied with the way an issue was resolved and at the same extremely satisfied with the product as well.On Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone StandSquier by Fender Affinity Telecaster, Butterscotch BlondeShure SE115-CL Sound Isolating Earphones (Clear)Mini 3.5mm Flexible Microphone for PC/Laptop/Skype
This mini telescoping boom is the bomb! It is built very well with long lasting parts. It looks very professional and works without any problems. It fit perfect on my new Hercules mic stand and was ready to go. It holds your condenser mic very solid for a worry-free session. Especially if you have an expensive heavy mic you want to protect without any question of durability. I'd say it it worth every penny if you prefer quality equipment in your studio. This one is definitely a hit!
I was looking for a thin crash on a budget and I gave this company a try and I couldnt be more happy..I had reservations at first but when I installed it on my set and used it today I was very surprised.. It hasa great hissing crash that lingers a bit as a much more expensive cymbal would have.  This companyputs out a good cymbal and I have a combination of all of the top line names on my set.
It's made from China, but very please for me, sound so warm and vibration much better than famous brand. Will buy again with other size. Which 6 stars.
this is honestly my favorite cymbal out of all 9 cymbals that I possess and use. very brilliant and resonant, definitely sounds like it costs a lot more than the actual price. trust this cymbal once and you won't be disappointed. it lasts a pretty long while too. it's a thin splash so it does tend to break after about 8 months of use er so, but to replace it is dirt cheap so not really a big issue there. all in all I definitely recommend trying this product
Wuhan makes great products for the money. I have the 18&#34; medium crash and so I decided to try the 16&#34;, both are great cymbals for the buck. If you close your eyes you would swear you were using a Zylgian from the 60's or 70's. Nice tight crash with some great overtones heard in more expensive cymbals,  With any cymbal it is the way that you play it that makes it sound great, so with a little drum finese you can get a great sound out of it, the 18&#34; is a bit warmer than the 16&#34;, the 16&#34; sounds well smaller and a little less sustain a bit colder than the 18&#34;, bought 4 Wuhans, the 16&#34;,18&#34; 21&#34;(ride) and a 12&#34; splash. Will review each one as they come in from Amazon. Why the 4 stars?....well its not a higher end or classic zylgian but damn close, if your on a budget like I am, go for Wuhans. I have been a producer and multi instrumentalist for years, this is a really good product and excellent 16&#34; crash. Wuhan really impresses me. There are some great video's of Wuhans on You Tube, you should really check those out before buying Wuhans, or any cymbal for that matter. I am very pleased with this 16&#34; crash!
I'm a total beginner so I don't really know if my review will be useful.  I have nothing to compare these too except my Lee Oskar.  They sound good to me...that's what's most important right?  These do have a kind of nasty &#34;new car smell&#34; to them, but I'm leaving the box open to see if airing them out helps.  It's not a big deal, but it's the only negative I can find with them.  Rock on bro!
I purchase a set of these, and first off, the case itself is worth 10 dollars. It is a quality heavy cloth case with a felt/velvet lining. The harmonicas are almost unbearable to play as soon as they arrive as they reek like plastic and oil, but after leaving the case open 2 days, they barely smell, and they are still airing out. I love how light they are due to the plastic cases, even if they aren't super loud. They are a great buy for the money, as I simply wanted a cheap set to mess around with and try out different keys. The notes are slightly difficult to bend, but the reeds are still loosening up. All the notes play but a few of the higher ones needed a little encouragement with overblowing and lightly breaking them in a little, but the harps all sound great after 5 mins of break in. I am quite happy with the product, and they honestly could be much worse for the price. The blues and set is only 10 dollars more with metal casings and probably better components, but these were good too. I would recommend to anyone who has a decent harmonica in C but wants to experiment with other keys... Good buy
All these harmonicas in one case and they sound great. You have to get use to the plastic but it is very easy to do and once you do get ready to play away. Nice tone and fun.
Disappointing; was looking for to receiving these.But; mostly they are unplayable. Leak air badly. Easier learning bagpipes than these things.Save your money and get some harps that actually work.Decent case though.
Hohner Marine Band, Hohner Special 20 and Lee Oskar Major Diatonic harps fit well in this case. Hohner's Big River Harp does NOT fit properly in the case - it is longer than the others, and doesn't snug in.  I'll either return the case or order two Lee Oskars to replace my two Big River models. Or, I can just deal with the fact that they don't fit quite properly, but probably "good enough". Decisions, decisions.Haven't played the toy harps yet, first things first. I bought the case for the case, not for the included harps.
I don't play these myself, I bought them for my daughter. They look kinda flimsy but for the price, they are ok for beginners to play.
I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright.  The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud.  YMMV.
Clean and clear sound. Great for strumming and using a pick but a little soft for finger picking. I prefer a string with a little more volume.  They tune well and hold a tune well.
I usually use "extra-lights" because my fingers are wimps, I like the bottom E to go down to a small .010. I have heard though, that you get more oomph, bass, and it is better for recording to use heavier gauge strings; so I decided to try and start using lights and mediums instead. Also, I finally bought my first Martin (Woo Hoo!) and researched strings for it, and I read a comment from one person who said the lights would have slight buzz, and the mediums put too much pressure on the neck and he said the "Light- Mediums" were a happy medium and a good balance.When I got my Martin D15 M, I cleaned it up, and then restrung it with a set of these "Light -Mediums". At first my fingertips protested and got real sore real fast; but that is because I am adding .025 width to the E string (.010 to .0125) ouch!  I  just have to build up my callouses, which will take a few weeks of torture, ugh. But, the sound is AWESOME. Part of it is the Martin guitar of course, but these strings, when I hit the G chord, ring out with a deep, warm and long-sustaining bass thump. You feel it in your chest when you hit the bass strings, the 6th, 5th and 4th.  The treble strings bend pretty easily. No buzzing. They have no coating , so they SQUEAK like hell. (TIP: I put a molecule or 2 of hand lotion on my fingertips 15 minutes prior to playing and it helps keep the squeak down) These strings are great, I recommend them. I will try and update my review 3 months from now and let you know about their longevity, etc.
Tried these on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are basic standard traditional strings. They sound good, they are light weight. On this guitar they sound a bit too bright. My preference is to use Elixirs, prefer the feel and sound on this guitar (Elixir PolyWeb Acoustic Guitar Strings (Light)).These strings do not last less time than the Elixirs. Mostly fresh strings sound good on a guitar. Some people like a brand new set before every gig, others will go weeks or months before changing. If you are an every gig person, well the Martin set is probably perfect for you - they are much less expensive than others. Leaving strings in for an extended period - Elixirs or other coated strings are probably a better idea.There is no such thing as a perfect guitar string for every guitar. The choice is all about your personal preference and the guitar you play. I think the Martins are a very good value in a standard traditional style. So for the price, these are an excellent value.
Crikey, where to begin. Firstly, I hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. Secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared I had two &#34;D&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;E&#34; strings. Lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! They were tinny and clangy sounding. I've never heard worse strings. Fortunately, I had bought a package of Ernie Ball Earthwood med. light, as well. I replaced the godawful Martins with the Ernie Ball's and they were far, far better! Shame on Martin for such a piss poor product. I'll never buy their strings again.
I would definitely buy these strings again.  They are high quality, great durablity and a great price.  The Martin name is synonymous with quality.
I like these even better than the Martin Custom Lights. They give off such a warm tone, and are holding up very well.
After reading all the great reviews, I moved to these Light/Medium strings from the light gauge. They do sound much better and have a better tone than the light gauge. However, I noticed one thing that has driven me crazy. Finger slides are much harder with these strings. The lower strings (E, A G) just don't slide as easily until there is some buildup in them. As a result my fingers get out of position and don't hit clear notes until I've slid those areas a couple of times. That's probably due to the oil and other nasties build up in the strings or me just getting used to them. The packaging was also a bit confusing. Since there are two strings to an envelope, it seems I too easily get the strings reversed on set up. Other string makers I have tried, color coded their strings and it made it much easier to string up. Overall good strings and I'll probably buy them again.
love these strings, but I have always been and still am a fan of Ernie Ball, they just sound better, bend easier and have a longer life span, but Martin are very good too, I just prefer Ernie Ball, but they were sold out and I needed strings fast.
these are the best strings around.  last a long time especially if you live near the beach where corrosion is always a concern.
I keep an acoustic out on a stand in my office to keep handy for when inspiration strikes.  I used d'addarios for many years. I switched to these and their longevity is drastically more noticeable.  they sound great too. The added expense is more than made up for by the extra long life afforded by the coating.
They're 2 days on and sound fantastic already. I've come to expect nothing but excellence from Elixirs, they're the best I've played on to date, whether electric or acoustic. I very highly recommend these to anyone looking to get great tone straight out of the box
Personally, I love the nanoweb strings.  I have 4 guitars, and they each get played once every couple weeks.  As I'm no pro, I don't want to put strings on them that I'm going to have to change every time, just to mess around at my apt.I don't mind that they are extra slippery, or that they sound a tad bit "different" than other strings.  They're exactly what I want - A string that makes my guitar sound good for 4 months without changing strings.
These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. We've tried D'Addario, brighter sound (D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set, EXP 80/20 Lite), and Martin, a little stiff (Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150). In the end, these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.The difference between these strings - nanoweb and polyweb - the nano's have a very light coating that you almost don't feel. So if you like standard not coated strings, the nano's are probably the way to go. If you want a bit of softness, the polys are a better bet.As has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. For the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. Fresh strings do sound better. It's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. But I'm not certain these last so much longer. We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. Corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.Elixir is a wonderful company. On my third or fourth sets of Elixir strings, the G string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. Elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.The other amazing thing - I've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and I'm still very confused. The Elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. Ther is a two part video from the Taylor factory on how to change strings. I swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. It is so simple and so reproducible. I love this technique.
Elixir Strings are the best I have ever used, they sound great and last far longer (tonally) than anything else I have tried.....
I only play Elixir strings.  They are relatively finger friendly, hold their tune well and are much longer lasting than many strings I have played in the past.  These were for an electric acoustic I just bought, which is why I got a lighter string than I normally play.  I will move to mediums once I get the feel of the guitar.  Of course, they will be Elixirs as well.
Elixir's Nanoweb Light Phosphor Bronze strings are the best strings I've ever used on my Alvarez acoustic -- a guitar I've now owned for over 30 years.  They certainly are the longest lasting strings that seem to be out there, they have a nice punchy tone, and are easy on the fingers.  Unlike the Elixir Extra Lights that I found to be lacking in bass and just a tad on the mushy side on a short-scale guitar, these seem like an ideal combination.  I may buy another set soon and restring the short-scale instrument with lights.  Compared with some brands and gauges of more "old school" strings, there may be a little less bass response, but these sound good, pretty even through the set, and the convenience of not having to change strings so often outweighs whatever minor issues that one might have with the ping of the low E string.
You cannnot go wrong with Elixir accoustic guitar strings.  Taste in strings is difficult to discuss as what appeals to one may not appeal to another.  However, you cannot go wrong with those strings.  I highly recommend them.  I like their mellow sound which will last longer than other strings I have tried.
This is the only brand I would ever buy the sound is superior and easy to play. These are well worth the money!
I love the Elixir strings. They sound great and play easy. I would recommend them to anyone. Give them a try..
I am a beginner guitar player, so I don't have too much experience with different types of strings.  But, I can say that when compared to the stock strings of my Fender Acoustic guitar, these things are like night and day.  A much brighter sounds and a little easier on the fingers. Highly recommended.
You can never go wrong with Elixir Strings Acoustic Phosphor Bronze Strings NANOWEB Coating, 6-String,...The great long lasting sound is worth the extra cost.
they seemed a litte expensive but once you play them you know they will last you a VERY long time and their sound is great, these strings are not focused on performance but endurance, best string I've ever played!
I absolutely love these strings. They enhance the deep rich sound on my dreadnought. They last a long time and they keep their great sound for a long time. If there was a way to give 10 stars I would.
These strings are noticeably warmer compared to the brighter Bronze Nanoweb. Still a great guitar string. A real winner for Elixir who are the originators of &#34;Goretex&#34; A real triumph of re-invention. Well done Goretex!
Very good string!! I've been using Elixir strings for about ten years now. I've been a full time musician for about 14 years now and for what I do these sound the best and last for 3 or more month's. Within these ten years I've only had 2 strings break on me, and I sometimes work 6 days a week for many for at a time
I have never been much of a fan for coated strings. I normally use DAddario EJ 16's but I do like these Elixirs, after about 4 weeks of playing they are starting to fade, not stay in tune and I notice fuzz on the wound strings at the sound hole. They do feel nice to the touch and a nice tone but pretty expensive for four week turnaround
I am very disappointed. The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.It is unusable until repaired.Update: It has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (Amazon), and have not received any communication.
A friend of my has one and I just found in love with it. Great sound! Beautiful color! The Applause exceeds my expectation whether it is unplugged or amplified.
No Doubt.... It's not a really exceptional guitar but for the money you get more than you should. First impression of the guitar was terrible. I took it out of the box and started to play. The neck had a huge bow in it. The truss rod was completely loose. I had to adjust the truss rod to make the guitar playable. I'm not sure if it was just my guitar that wasn't set up or if that's the way they come. If they come with a loose truss rod then this guitar is not for a beginning player as properly adjusting the neck is best left to someone who knows what they are going. Once the neck was setup and the guitar tuned I was pleasantly surprised. The guitar sounded pretty good. The neck is thin and has the familiar feel of an electric. Action was good. Upper fret access is really good. The guitar stays in tune while playing. Plugged into an amp playing through the pickup offered no surprises. The bright red red stained finish on the top was a nice touch. I expected red paint. I would have preferred bigger frets for bending and ease of fretting. They are a little small. $175 for a roundback is really a no brainer. If your a beginner or have some playing experience you will enjoy this guitar and the value it offers.
This instrument might actually be in a class of its own. That is, it would be extremely difficult to find a guitar in this price band that comes even remotely close in terms of quality; not only with regard to craftsmanship, but certainly the sound it produces. The Applause exceeds expectation whether it is unplugged, amplified, or even run directly through a mixer. Beyond sounding comparatively spectacular, it is far more durable than perhaps any other hollow-bodied instrument on the market due to its components and design. The electronics are reliable and the instrument is accessible, or playable, to even the most novice of musicians. This guitar is the ideal instrument for a beginner or a younger musician, simply because it is cost efficient, durable, and as easy to play for the price as one might be able to find anywhere. Even experienced guitarists will almost certainly appreciate its action, sound and durability if not only for the purposes of practice and travel. This is an exceptional value and an excellent instrument.
These strings fit the Bill perfectly for "MY" desired sound from a Yamaha LJ-16 Acoustic Guitar which has been "Doctored" with Bone Saddle, Pins and nut. When I decided to put the money into the guitar, it was my belief that the Elixir Strings would continue to provide the sound and feel that I like so much in the LJ-16 and after all the work was completed......that proved to be true to form. I did move to the Medium for a little improvement from the Bass side and it's a most outstanding sound from a medium price, hand crafted guitar. Elixir has the best (most comfortable) feel, to me, of all the strings that I've tested and these provide the best (for my liking) sound on this guitar. Try them if it's quality sound that you're looking for..............These are great!!!!
WAY better than stock strings that I received with my Fender acoustic.  I am a beginner guitar player, but I was definitely able to hear a much brighter tone and it felt a little better on the fingers.
Guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  Will need to check them next week or so.
I have absolutely no gripes with Elixir nanoweb phosphor bronze strings. I have been using them since the first appeared on the scene and have become my go-to brand. I've read many reviews where some people complain of sting breakage. I have yet to ever break an Elixir acoustic guitar string (in over 10 years of playing them). Can't even imagine. The only other coated string that may be a little better is Clear Tone--but I have had inconsistencies with them and because they cost more, I just go with Elixir and am never disappointed. I'm not a fan of the "Polyweb" which has a much more visible thick coating. The nano-webs get it right--they last a long time, sound great, and as far as I know don't flake polymer dust in your kisser.
In my house alone we have a bass player, a acoustic guitar player, a sax player and a violinist, that is not counting myself (I attempt to play mandolin and harmonica, usually I fail) so diverse instruments used to require different tuners but with this little all in one the clutter of tuners and pitchpipes is history, I just set aside a music nook in the family room with this mounted to a music stand and everyone can tune before practice, the sax player sneers at us tuners but still finds use for the reference notes and metronome function built into this little beauty.just be sure to buy theKorg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tunersif you want to tune your instrument while others are playing.
I have it for more than 6 months and mostly use it for practicing with the metronome.  I have another tuner, which is set EADGBE, that is much easy to tune without any confusion. Although this tuner has flexibility for tuning differently, it's confusing for me because it keeps changing the chord and going left & right +/-20 or more.  However, it's a bonus for using the tuner, and I don't have to bring all to the classes.  For the metronome, which is my initial purpose to purchase it, it's great and have enough adjustable calibration, 13 beats, rhythms, and tempos for practices.
I've owned this and a couple of other Korge Tuners in the past, and currently own three.In the past I would use a keyboard to get the bottom E on my guitar and take it from there. These days accurate portable tuners are so inexpensive I keep a few of these around and take at least one with me when I go out with my guitars. I also use it to tune my violin, and it works great.If you buy the new clip on sensor it even gets better.Over all for the cost you can't go wrong. These used to be expensive none-essentials, but today they're small accurate and portable.
This little box is great for metronome use. It is loud and the screen is easy to see. The tuner function can be a little disconcerting sometimes. It seems to work ok but the display might fluctuate from G to C when tuning to G on a Bass guitar. I used it to set my intonation on a new Bass and it was well worth the price I paid. I would buy another one if I lost this one.
I really like this product as it comes complete with all functions anyone needs. I just miss the "mecanical" click of a mechanic metronome. The rest is just great. i've bought a cable which allows me to connect the metronome to my line6 amp and the result is much much better.
The tuner is perfect for me.  It fits in the guitar case, mandolin case and the dulcimer case.  Just perfect for making those play dates at the Resonance Fair.  Always spot on with the frequency.  Nice product.
This metronome is a bit of the big size but there is really nothing like it.. It is so durable filled with options. Very versatile product for the seriousdedicated musician.
Tuner works as it should-- almost a little too precisely (it's pretty sensitive).The metronome will drive you crazy.  It has various beats which is a nice touch, but the sounds are horrible.  Think of the most sterile electronic clicks/beeps you can and then add nails-on-chalkboard for good measure.  There are much better sounding metronomes out there.  I bought this Korg for the tuner function and that's about all I'll use it for.
Dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and I have used the standard model for some time. It seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.I used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while I was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.Later I wound up trying the Humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a Dreadnought, I took to putting the Dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a Planet Waves Microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. Then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. Worked great.So I ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. They now ship without the clips. Company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though I didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. More importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when I pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. So I sent it back to Amazon for a refund. No problem getting the refund, but I'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.If you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the OM model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else.
If you want to get humidity into a guitar, this product is a must. I works well -- and if one lives in dry area of the country, this is a must have product.
Dampit humidifiers have been around for years and years.  I think that I can safely say that the basic design looks to be amazingly similar to what I remember when I saw these for the first time in my university days of the late 1970s.  Generally, Dampits can be used over and over for years.  Sometimes the rubber becomes discolored, sometimes the rubber rips near the end of the Dampit, but basically this is a very workable way to maintain at least a minimum amount of humidity in and around your instrument, something that is especially important during the winter months when artificial heat zaps the humidity out of the air.  This is the first instrument-specific Dampit product that I've ever purchased and it seems to work exceptionally well.  In addition to the standard Dampit, there's a sound-hole cover.  In case it is not clear just how it works, the clear sound-hole cover has a short string with a loop on the end.  You simply attach the Dampit to the loop and it hangs inside the guitar.  My first impression is that it does an excellent job of keeping some needed humidity in the body of the instrument, something very important on a solid-top classical guitar.  I would recommend this over the standard Dampit because the sound-hole cover is so convenient (hopefully it will continue to keep me from having to fish around inside the guitar for a runaway Dampit) and seems to keep the humidity focused in an area that is especially in need of it.  A must have if you keep your acoustic guitar in an environment that gets much below 40-50% humidity.
What else is there to say, they are easy to use, they are easy to install and they are easy to check.  I've tried them all and these are the only ones I come back to.  No expensive pads to buy, just use water.  Simple to drop down into the body of guitar, no attempt to fit some rubber block thingy into your sound hole.  Comes out as easy as it goes in.  I have 4 of them.  Love.
I live in Arizona and I keep my acoustic in the case with this dampit unless I'm playing it.  It seems to do a good job, although I would recommend purchasing a better meter.  The one it comes with is a simple paper design that gives you a decent estimate.
It works well.  This is a classic design that people have used for years and I can see why.  It it isn't broke, don't fix it.The only suggestion I would make is to have a different soundhole cover.  Maybe a sturdy plastic? The soundhole cover that is included is a very cheap, disposable plastic that looks like it was shipped with a cheap trinket.  I think the price is a little high for what it is. Rubber and foam tube?  Why do they charge so much?  I'd like to know the markup.
Recently I switched from a Blackstar HT-5 to a Fender Mustang III V2 amp. Although the Fender is a great sounding amp, you don't get this natural warmth that you get with tubes there's this liveliness that's missing. So, although my cleans sound good, they aren't great. Although my overdrive sounds good... it's not great. Although my distortion... well you get the picture.Since adding this pedal was less expensive than buying a new amp I decided to give it a try. This pedal adds the same kind of sparkle to your sound that you would get from using a clean boost on a tube amp. I believe some people call it &#34;pixie dust&#34; ... that little bit of magic that makes your sound come alive.Interestingly enough, I don't leave this pedal on all the time. But when I stack pedals, or use certain effects like chorus, a shimmer reverb, or any effect with the exception of maybe a leslie... it's pretty awesome.It works different than an EQ... and if you have a tube amp - a clean boost may do the same thing... I think it really adds life to solid state amps.
It's hard to really describe what this pedal does-  It doesn't distort, flange, echo, or produce a chorus.  I'd heard it described as making your amp sound like someone had thrown a blanket off of it.  And because words don't do an accurate job in describing it, I would have probably never pulled the trigger on one (even though they are pretty cheap as pedals go).  As luck would have it, I acquired one on trade, and I have to admit that I agree with the whole blanket euphemism.  This stompbox helps correct the boxy sound of my Blues Jr. when placed at the end of my pedaltrain- right before I run into the amp. I don't feel it needs to be run on a dedicated effects loop to improve an amp's tone, though I do believe it works even better in a loop.  I placed it in the effects loop of both a Palomino V8 (USA/Ampeg made) and a Crate VC508 (a 5 watt USA made EL84 tube amp with Celestian speaker) and it was transformative to both amps' tone (in a great way). It does very well with single coils.  It's a pedal that I would leave on all the time once my tone is dialed in.  I don't think it works as well when I run my LP into a Jet City combo - particularly when trying to coax out subtle textures / harmonics. That amp also lacks an effects loop and I imagine it would have a different effect if placed after the preamp phase.  I guess it's rig dependent, but it's a keeper for what it does to the sound of my Fender.
This pedal essentialy balances out the high, mid, and low frequencies yout instrument produces. I also have the software version of this effect on my DAW. This pedal does a great job of giving your instrument a more balanced and full tone. When I switch it on it allmost sounds like someone took a blanket off my amplifier. I highly recomend this pedal for and and all musicians.
I have always loved Hercules products. Their mic stands and guitar stands. They are great quality and very handy, especially this one, for performances where 3 guitars are used.
Sturdily holds three guitars. Fits everything from my bass, to the acoustic or electrics, to the mandolin/ukulele, to the harmonicas in the case.Folds up for transport. Pretty adjustable too.I bought this after buying two of the single guitar stands from Hercules. I also have the trombone and sax/clarinet stand from them. All A+ at reasonable prices.
A real workhorse for sure.  Not too heavy but still very robust and reliable when you are holding up expensive guitars.  I also have the 6 guitar one which is incredibly big ... almost too big but still easy to use once you get the hang of it.
This is my 2nd Hercules Stand. Great stand for managing multiple guitars. Does not fair well when stored in non cooled area. The handle gets real sticky and causes problems. I have a friend who also experienced the same problem. So keep it stored in climate controlled area and it is a great stand.
Just got my stand today... the QUICKEST delivery EVER with the Super Savings free shipping selected that I have ever experienced!  Go go, Amazon!  lulz  Anyhoo, I have two banjos and a mandolin that I purchased this for.  I looked about for quite a bit at various sites, reviews, prices, etc, and pretty much Hercules got the best reviews everywhere (although admittedly I hadn't really wanted to shell out over 50 dollars).  Yet this tri-stand really looked good with a solid general review, and I am rather tight for space overall (think trailer home size).  I wanted a way to hold my instruments in one place without having to work around gig-bags or hard cases taking up limited 'living space'. As it stands (figuratively and literally), the Hercules Tri-Stand does the job excellently with the two banjos.  All three instruments are varying heights, the resonator bluegrass banjo being the longest, and (naturally) the mandolin being the shortest, with a open back clawhammer banjo in the middle.The three 'back-rest' fold outs are static, attached to a center ring, and you "can" adjust them independently a *little up and down*, but not to compensate for such a length difference between a bluegrass banjo and a mandolin.  However, the mandolin is a really lite thing, so I suspect it will be fine just hanging there by the peg head without a 'back-rest' as long as the stand isn't jostled around.  In my own case, aside from two rather lazy cats and pending no sudden hip-smash-oops by me, that shouldn't be an issue.  And of course, considering I am looking at a possible third banjo, the mandolin may just go live in its case after all...Now a word about open back banjos, if you are considering this stand... First off, no, I was not going to rest the coordinator rod against the 'back-rest' (just seems like a bad idea).  What I ended up doing was adjusting the 'back-rests' so the resonator of the bluegrass banjo rested about an inch up from the bottom, allowing the open back to rest on the other side ON TOP of the rest, along the lip of the banjo rim, at the edge of the rest foam where it begins to curve out and down. The tail-piece nut is in between the two foam pads without touching a thing.  Seems pretty solid in this position while still engaging the weight clamps up at the top.I give it 5 stars mainly based on the excellent quality of the stand and the fact that it is the ONLY three instrument stand worth any kind of hoot I have been able to find.  Its not the absolute perfect thing for my own application (would need the three 'back-rests' to be independently adjustable in height for that), but overall I am extremely pleased with it.
If you are like me and truly value your (usually) expensive prized instruments, then you want to make sure nothing happens to them, accidentally or otherwise. The Hercules stands are much much more stable than all the rest. They have a better base design, and even when the stand inevitably gets bumped there is no wobbling, no worries - just make sure you lower it all the way, as it is designed to be.These things are awesome. Also, everything fits so perfectly on Hercules stands. All of the other tri-stands lean your instruments in toward the top too much and cause the headstocks to bang together. Not here, plenty of room for everything now. This stand (and the double version which I also own) lets your gear hang down perfectly straight and protects it all with those very thickly padded stops you see near the base in the picture. Also, the hanging gravity grasp around the neck is so sweet. With all other stands I am always worried that my guitar will slide off, or if it gets bumped that it could fall out. This mechanism holds it tight until you want it, and releases it very easily and naturally for you, but will not let it go while it's just sitting there. Check these things out, you will not be disappointed.Also, as for durability, I have used and abused my Hercules stand for years, tossing it around my car to play at different places. It's been tossed, dropped, setup and stowed many times and it still looks and works just like it did when I first bought it. It doesn't even have any obvious visible scratches on it (it came with a bag but I discarded it and never used it). Meanwhile, I had gone thru dozens of regular cheapo stands over the years before I bought the Herc. I will only every buy Herc stands from now on.
This is one of the cleanest sounding mini-amps you'll find.  Mine has no hiss or noise through the headphones.  It uses JFET components which get close to a tube amp sound.  It does sound tinny through the 2" speaker, but AM radio sounded just as bad through 2" speakers.  I hated it at first until I plugged in a set of headphones and turned down the O. Drive knob.  Very clean but I could get some character out of it by tweaking the guitar's volume knob.  Turning the O.Drive knob up just a bit adds some sparkle.  Of course you can get really distorted sounds from the amp.  I'm building a speaker cab with a Jensen 6" speaker just for this amp.  According to many reports it will drive a 1x12 cab.
This tiny little amp is great for practicing outside or in a canoe or while hang gliding.  But it is not very good at parties.  it cannot compete with the noise level that 20 people in conversation can make.  It is cheap, so you should just get one.  I am having great fun experimenting around with different settings, instruments, and power feed voltage levels.  (see the danelectro power supply for this thing, really cool!)
i have been a gigging guitarist for over 50 years now.i own all the coveted amps/guitars/fxfor the last few years i have been doing an outside gig on the weekends in a small mountain tourist town.i've used all the roland cubes that are battery powered.they were just fine.on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. i'd read some good reviews and $20.00 isnt much money.i was shocked. going guitar straight into the amp produces great clean and od tones. but in my gig i have been using a boss me-25 with all my presets for my set plus a boss rc-2 looper and lastly, my phone with all my backing tracks. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig.i connected all this to the single input of the n-10, put volume 1/2 and tone the same. od turned off. the sound is rich, full and IMHO sounds just as good as my roland cube street ($299.00).i have all the volume i need and great tone. the 9v battery lasts the entire 2 hr set.i am AMAZED by this amp.
I use this amp for playing in my small apartment and it works great. The clean and distortion channels both sound good paired with the Danelectro Model 59 M.
After reading numerous reviews talking about the exceptional volume and tone of this amp, for the price (about $16-$17) I had to try it.When I plugged my acoustic into this, I was very pleased to find those reviews are accurate.  First, let's not expect $500 double 16&#34; sound from a portable 9v amp.  Once that reality is recognized, it's realized this puts out far better sound than one would ever expect from an amp this size and price.I would note that the sound you get out of this amp-- as with any amp-- will be directly relational to the quality of guitar and pickup you're feeding from.  I tried this on three different guitars and each one sounded significantly different.  One had very rich tone, another sounded &#34;tinny&#34;, another had a passive pickup and required I turn the HoneyTune up quite a bit more than the one with active pickup.  So it won't sound the same on every guitar.That said, if your guitar has good tone and your pickup is good, this amp is simply awesome.  I've had it only one day so I haven't put it through the test of time... but first-impressions are that I will buy more of these in the future (I need more than one portable amp).My sister visited and heard it right after I opened the box, and she was impressed as well.  Neither of us expected this kind of sound from such a small amp.  And I have to say, the aqua color is major retro.  Gotta luv it.I've been looking for &#34;the&#34; portable amp for some time.  This is the best I've found to date and the value for price is a perfect balance. I don't know as I'd pay the $40-$50 for this guitar shops often ask, but the Amazon price is perfect. : )One last thing:  Danelectro branded 9v battery included, same color as the amp. Priceless.
The Danelectro mini amp was an impulse buy for me, but this thing is fantastic! clean tones to woodstock fuzz, this thing belts 'em out. only complaint- battery doesn't last too long. get a power adapter. otherwise- GREAT PRACTICE AMP!
This little amp kicks major ass, dood. I think I may have blown the speaker or it's just how it sounds but it's great for a lo-fi kind of fuzz-e tone when the gain and levels are all the way up. The clean tone is really nice too, a little to bright for my taste, but for a mini-clip amp it's not too bad. I can take this plus my tele to my friends house and sit outside and just didtle away. Theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, No line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. If you have a big rig and you just want something small for like a camping trip with some friends this is pretty great.
the mini amp did not arrive with the battery as it was stated in literature. good thing I had purchased the 9volt power adapter. I was really surprised at the output considering how small the speaker size. ideal for kicking aound house and small partyof friends. should already come with 9volt adapter with along cord. it would be worth the increase in price to have it come altogether. would purchase again,
TheDanelectro Honeytone Mini Amp - Beatnik Burgundyis an easy way to get great sound from your electric guitar. The color of this unit is a soft burgundy (almost brick red in color). Paired with the Zero Hum AC Adaptor, it's a highly portable amp setup. "Ultra-portable" by using a 9V battery instead of the AC adaptor. I do think they are best purchased together to enjoy all the benefits of this rig though.A headphone jack on the amp means you can enjoy the amp's impressive sound quality without bothering the neighbors or waking your spouse.Included with the amp is an Owner's Manual with simple start-up instructions. You'll need to have your own cord (the one that goes from the guitar to the amp isn't provided as part of the amp package...). The manual has several control settings for the following sound tweaks:-Clean & Spanky-Warm Jazz-Big Amp Overdrive-Killer Blues-Distorted Rhythm-Thick Solo-Woodstock Fuzz-Send the Cats Under the Bed-Twang-Mondo Sustain-Brit Solo Tune-Sparkle Clean-Early 80's Clean Solo-Late 60's Neck Solo-70's Brit-70's SoloI paid under $20 for this amp and couldn't be happier with the product. Don't hesitate to pick one up for yourself.UPDATE: 7/19/12There is a space in the back of the unit for 1 9-volt batteryDuracell 9-V Alkaline Batteries, 4-Countor you can use the included AC adapter to power the amp.UPDATE: 9/19/12 Per reviewer Paul Stewart: "As a point of clarity - the current version of this item does NOT ship with an adapter nor cable. Be prepared to purchase these in tandem."  FYI...UPDATE: 11/17/13Almost 4 years ago I bought this item, and it's still going strong!  Great deal.UPDATE: 7/11/14YUP!  It's still kickin' along. Super buy on this mini-amp.
Look, it's a plastic box that's just 5.5&#34; square and 2.5&#34; deep, with a cheap three-inch speaker inside. It produces decent sound, although there's substantial background hiss and it has a nasty habit of picking up digital &#34;static&#34; from my computer. It's OK as a practice amp, but I certainly wouldn't want to perform with it. In short, it's only a small step above toy level, which is what you'd expect for a twenty-dollar amp. That doesn't mean it's not useful, but you need to be realistic about what you're getting here.
I own one of these amps and it is capable of everything from very clean to heavy over-drive. I love it. It's got tone galore! I play either a Martin A/E thru it or a Strat knock-off.  Either one sounds awesome.  Never dreamed of such an enjoyable little amp, let alone for $20. Battery life seems OK, but I hate messing with batteries, so I'd buy power supply (you can get a 9V supply (check for proper polarity) at the Thrift store for a buck).  Don't even think about it.  Get it.  $20 is pocket change.
For $20 you can't go wrong. Its a lot of fun to use this little amp for practice and it goes anywhere.
I got this when I was just learning how to play guitar.  I was using a borrowed First Act guitar without any amp and I wanted to see what kind of sounds I could make.  It was inexpensive and fun to use.  The sound quality isn't the greatest, but that's to be expected.  You can dial in quite a few different sounds and it comes with a sheet showing you how to make different sounds.  It's very light so make sure you set it on the floor because you will be pulling it over with the guitar cable.  I pulled it off the table a couple of times with no ill effects, but I wouldn't want to take any chances.
Bought this for my son. Its perfect for practice. Great portability. Has a nice clean sound, as well as a decent overdrive sound. Sounds great with an electric acoustic. Its surprisingly loud for a small amp. You can't beat the price. I highly recommend this!
Sounds a lot more than what you expect, this is my 2nd Honeytone (one at home, one at work).  You can use it with batteries or with a 9V adapter, it has a clip to hang it on your belt or wherever you want, it also has a headphones input.  It gets way to distorted at high volume, but come on... it's a $20 amp; it does what it has to and does it well.
This is a fun little practice amp about the size of a large sandwich. Three knobs, volume, tone and gain give it a little versatility. Runs forever on a nine-volt battery. I keep mine next to the couch so I can always plug in and have some fun. It's small but it can also be quite loud of you want it to be.Overall a great little deal for the price. Stop waiting and grab one, you can't go wrong.
I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends.  Tip:  it sounds better if you don't cramp it all the way up - stop at 90%.
I buy and sell electric guitars and often I meet with someone at a half-way point where access to electricity is unavailable. I was surprised at the volume and tone that came out of a unit so small.  There is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little.  This is battery operated but can be plugged in using an adapter.  I bought a Planet Waves 9V Power adapter to go with the Honey Tone.  It might work in a Busker situation.
Don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. I think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and I had to throw in new batteries. But if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip.
This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. And it is NOT a toy. Don't be misled by the price--this is a real amp based on stompbox electronics, and while it may not be a Marshall stack, it is more than adequate as a highly portable practice amp as well as a performance amp for small spaces. It is certainly loud hough to evoke complaints from my neighbors in adjoining apartments.I bought this amp for use durng harmonica practice. To this end, I use the belt clip to mount it on my hip. Then I just patch in my mike, twiddle the controls, and go to town. The tone has been fairly pure although, with a mike at least, I can also get some pops, crackles, and squeals. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. In general, this amp is pretty forgiving of the input. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). It handles these without noticeable signal loss.What is this amp exactly? My guess is that Danelectric took the circuitry for its overdrive stompbox, added a 1-watt amplifier circuit, and put the whole shebang into a retro case. The result is quite appealing. And the overall look and feel is one of quality. The case is solid albeit plastic. The three controls (volume, tone, and overdrive), while not detented, have the smooth control that you tend to get on better components. The input 1/4-inch jack and the mini jack headphone output are all solid. Someone in Danelectric had a sense of humor in touting the unit's "leather" strap, though. It is more decorative than useful.If you can operate an overdrive stompbox, then you know how to work this amp. The volume control is obvious. The tone control alters the bass/treble mix (but not very significantly, in my opinion). The overdrive control adds fuzz and distortion (again, not to a great degree). The instructions describe 16 "sounds," but someone in Danelectric has a sense of humor. Otherwise, why label one setting "Send the cats under the bed." Ignore the instructions and set the controls to whatever sounds good to you.As I said, this is small but really not a toy. I've personally found it very useful in practicing blues harp because it's so easy to set up and so ridiculously portable. And when I decide that I'm good enough to panhandle in Penn Station, this baby is going with me.
I wanted to like this. I really did. The idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;Perfect&#34;. However, the unit I received was cr@p, and I'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. The one I got kept cutting in and out. You might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. And when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. Frustrating.I did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. The so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. Bummer. Any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?Cheers
This inexpensive capo works as advertised. It's the plastic version of the more expensive metal one but it works as advertised and is ideal for a light weight backup.
I'm happy with this purchase. I bought it during the Black Friday sale. It works for what I use it for. When not in use, it just gets put away. Doesn't take a lot of space.
Purchased this capo after having a bad experience with a spring style capo.  This capo was just perfect for my needs.
In 40 years I have had every kind of capo out there. This is the right one. This one works. Buy one for each of your guitars and keep them in the case: they are well made and inexpensive enough.
It is really good to have one of this to change the tone of the songs to make it easy to play!
It does a good job for it's primary purpose as a capo so I gave it four stars.  It works flawlessly, but the one minor annoyance is that it doesn't easily stay on the head of the guitar except above the nut where if you screw it a bit tight it could mess with the tuning of the guitar.  With clamp on capos you can just clamp them on the wood.
I love this capo better than any I have seen or used. Great quality and price. You wont go wrong with this capo.
I don't have a classical guitar, but I just got an inexpensive but really fun steel string guitar with a non-radiused fingerboard.  I've also got over a dozen capos (don't ask!) but all are for radiused fingerboards.The fingerboards of most steel-string guitars--electric and acoustic--are radiused, that is, they are not flat.  They have a gentle curve to them, so gentle that many wouldn't notice it unless they looked closely. Look up "fingerboard" in the Wikipedia for an excellent discussion and Google images for diagrams and pictures.Even though the curve is gentle, if a fingerboard is radiused, a capo must be curved, too, or the outside strings would not be pressed down properly and would buzz.  If a fingerboard is flat, like a classical guitar's, the capo must be flat, too, or the center strings will not be pressed down properly and will buzz.If you're not sure whether your guitar's fingerboard is radiused, slide a ruler between two frets.  If it lies flat, then so is the fingerboard.  If it rocks, the fingerboard is radiused.I REALLY like this capo because of the way pressure is adjusted by turning the tension screw.  This makes it possible to exert just the right amount of pressure--not tool little, which would cause strings to buzz, and not too much, which would cause the instrument to go out of tune.As others have noted, its one drawback is that it can't be clamped to the headstock when not in use.  But for that, I'd replace most of my capos with radiused versions of this capo.  HIGHLY recommended!
In this price point - it's a good capo - if you know how to put one on and use it. I use it for lessons in case a kid steals it - so I'm not losing my G7 capo which was $40. Great capo.
You have to turn the knobs every time you want to use this. What a pain. Oh well, it was cheap enough to have around.
Was not sure about this one but it is darn easy to use and works quite well.  I still use the Kayser for most stuff but this is great for a backup.
These are nice, easy to use capos and the price was great.  I got several of them to use during my guitar class, when someone doesn't have a capo and needs one.
Works well, arrived fast. No problems. Works as described. A good purchase for a low priced capo.Works for acoustic and electric
I purchased a Classical guitar and only had a traditional (steel string) Capo available to me. Not thinking it through I used it on my Nylon Stings and after a few times I realized it had damaged the string to the point they had to be replaced. Along with my string order I added this Capo so it does not happen again.Pros:It's small and lightweight.It's very well made. It not  only looks great but also appear to be of high quality.It's very adjustable. Unlike my steel string Capo, this uses a screw/knob to tighten, not spring loaded. This allows you to finely tune the capo to add just enough pressure to bar the fret but not damage the stings.It works on steel strings. Yep, I found my self needing a Capo on another guitar and only having this with me, I saw no reason it should not work so I gave it a try and it performed wonderfully. I won't be using it full time on my steel strings, but great to know in a pinch I have use it.If you need a great capo thats gentle on your Nylon strings then this is the one to get.
I ordered one of these because I like my other Planet Waves Capo a lot (I believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;Lite&#34;). However, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a Martin jumbo acoustic). It will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. Your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.I'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. It doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as I can tell. Unless I just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, I wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.My recommendation is the classic Kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). If you are looking for the screw-down style, I would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;Lite&#34;.
A Little History:I have been a guitar player for forty-odd (some of them, VERY odd) years.  For the first thirty of them, I tuned by ear - starting by guessing at what a low E sounded like, then tuning the other five strings by fretting, listening and tuning.  I could never understand why the tuning often sounded perfect for one chord, yet remained `off' for others... it took quite a long time to get it right.  Then, about ten years ago, I thought I had figured it out.  The problem (I thought) was that my guesses at a true "E" were off - so I got myself an "E" tuning fork (320 cycles) and used it to tune the first string.  Then, I did as I had always done - fretted and tuned the other five. Not much better as a result - kept having to tune and retune for quite a while to get all chords to sound right.  During those years, I tried tuning all six strings to (what I believed was an accurately tuned) piano as well as by ear to tones available online.  Nothing gave me better tuning on the first try.  Then, I saw an ad for a Chromatic Tuner and lightening struck.The Realization:There have been many -  each of which has led me closer to what I have now - near perfect tuning on the first go `round!  First off, I realized that when we say "E", that is not just one note.  It is a range of literally hundreds - perhaps even thousands- of specific tones.  The same is true for every note.  This is akin, I guess, to the realization as a child, that no matter how many shades of `blue' are in a box of crayons, the chanced of having the precise shade you want for a specific drawing are rare.  Purchasing my first Chromatic Tuner (a CT440, manufactured by SwitchMucic and sold through MusiciansFriend.com) moved me a long way along the continuum of learning and accurate tuning.  However, that tuner had at least two limitations. Firstly, it's construction is rather light and flimsy - it works OK, but has a second limitation that conaused me to buy the Korg (for about the same price)  That is that the Korg has a built in tone generator and speaker allowing the option of tuning that way rather than having only the single option of having tones made by the instrument read and metered back to you.  Both tuners have plug-in for electric instruments, and, so far as I can tell, their accuracies are similar.  I prefer the Korg for the reasons I have mentioned.  Additionally, the Korg can be manually recalibrated for special tuning needs - and `remembers' the original tuning/tones so you can return to it for more `standard' usage. A nice, extra piece of flexibility. The LCD meter is easy to read and colored lights tell you, right away, whether you are sharp, flat (and by how much!) or right on!As a point of surprising interest, the tuning fork I had used for years turns out to be profoundly FLAT! A shock to me - given that I had grown up learning that tuning forks gave off perfect tones! I have saved it as a reminder that all things are not what they are promoted to be. I guess the round pitch pipe that Ms. Sweeny used to tune up the class in the 5th grade was probably not quite as precise as she would have presumed!And Finally:This is a marvelous little (and inexpensive) device - well constructed, accurate and flexible to allow for many different tuning need situations and circumstances.  I assume that there will be still higher places for my `learning curve' in this area to rise to - but for right now, this is it.  I am using it, regularly, on all my stringed instruments (two six-string Martins, a twelve string Epiphone and a frailing banjo.  The time it saves tuning the 12-string alone makes it more than it's own price!)If you have not discovered Chromatic Tuning (maybe I really WAS the last one to discover these things!?), I suggest you do so immediately and spend your time enjoying the pleasures of making music rather than sitting in frustration trying to adjust the tunings by ear so it sounds `really' right. Perhaps people with `perfect pitch' can do very nicely without a Chromatic Tuner - I am not one of them. Are you?
I've had two of these tuners. They are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. They're durable and have a long battery life. Unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players.The one problem that I've had with these tuners is that one of them had to be set to A-439 to tune pitches that other tuners recognized as A=440. Strange.
this tuner is easy to use.  I like that it has the input jack for electric guitar as well as acoustic.  It makes it so much easier.  this is my first tuner in a long time and I'm please with it.
I bought this bench on an Amazon Warehouse Deal so that I could get it on Prime delivery and was not disappointed at all. The bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. The item arrives flat packed and can be adjusted to the correct seating height in seconds. This bench is just what I was looking for and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years.
It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made.  However, if you need to haul it around frequently, it takes a bit of time to set up and screw down or open up the screws that hold the moving stability bar on the bottom of the seat. Also, if you need to adjust the height, you have to remove the entire bolt assembly seen at the crossing point of the bars, and then select one of three holes that are only an inch or some apart from each other.  So, not much selection there.
I bought this for my daughter who plays the keyboard. It was already assembled right out of the box, and seems well padded and sturdy. My daughter likes it. I like the price because of the special deal from Amazon.
This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable.
It isn't top of the line but it gets the job done. I wouldn't abuse of the chair too much though, the material looks a little floosy.
got this to treat my fretboard on my guitar. Nice airline-sized bottle w/ safety cap to prevent from unintentional opening. Replenished my dried out fretboard to like-new condition.
I needed some fretboard cleaner. This is something I had not tried before. I used it and I like it.
Has a nice smell, works like a charm. This bottle will probably last me 10 years. Good cheap price...a recommended purchase.
This has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. Best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off.
Clean really good of prints and smell very nice. My first time using it but like it alot since it works good.
I maintain all of my guitars on a regular basis since I no longer have my own guitar tech to do everything for me! Take care of your fretboards any your fingers and fretboards will be very happy!
This is an iconic fuzz pedal.  Yes, Smashing Pumpkins used this pedal but Corgan also used a Fender Blender (which is similar to the Big Muff but has an octive thing going on too).  This is not a subtle pedal.  It's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  I find that it gets a little muddy if I run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  I can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  This is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the Dunlop Fuzz Face.  It really has it's own thing going on.  It's not the kind of pedal that I keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  If I had it to do all over again I would likely buy the Big Muff with the tone wicker switch.  It's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability.
I have played through this for over 15 years and I will tell you right now, get a big amp. Get 2 amps and split the signal, even. You want to have the biggest amp you can when using this pedal. Otherwise it will come off sounding frail instead of "Frail and Bedazzled".Otherwise this pedal conjures up a beastly reference, and it should. I have been in a couple bands where I just plugged this into the amp and played my riffs. The free drinks and loose women followed shortly thereafter.If you're looking for stinging yet rumbly fuzz, this is the pedal you need. I only wish it went up to "11".
It's noisy, but if you find out how to equalize the tone and volume, it works fine. I bought it cause Gilmour uses this effect but certainly the one he uses must be of a much more better quality product.
This pedal does exactly what my title suggests... it creates a huge walk of smooth rich fuzz... very smashing pumpkins feel to this. It doesn't do many different tones, but what it does it does very well! And frankly, once I find a good tone out of a pedal, I don't change it often anyhow! This is an amazing value, and a welcome party of my pedal boards. (P.S.: I have the Russian variant...)
I purchased this for my daughter who is 10.  She is learning to play guitar and needed a bag to protect the new guitar I bought her.  This bag has plenty of storage, offers good protection and the guitar fit perfectly.  I am going to purchase another one for my guitar.
Decent quality.  Cheap price.  We'll see how long it lasts.  But, for now, does the trick.  I think the odds of be becoming rich and famous have increased because of this stand.
This is a very good and stable stand. Light, strong, and very balanced. It makes my guitar feel secure. It is also ideal for travel since when folded can just be slipped into a small bag.
This is my favorite light weight guitar stand, simple and does the job.  I try to avoid the stands with lever locking mechanisms at the neck rest which are a pain in the arse when you are trying to switch guitars on the fly.  These are lightweight and collapsible so you can take them anywhere, and are sturdy enough for 'normal' use.  If you're a klutz no guitar stand will be sufficient unless it is encased in carbonite.
There are a fair number of similar tripod guitar stands out there for about the same cost.  If one of your pet peeves with some of these is that the U-shaped support falls out when you carry the assembled stand around, then you'll especially like the World Tour stand.  The way that the U-shaped piece inserts makes it far less susceptible to falling out. And, although it is, as one other reviewer put it, "minimalistic," this stand has a substantial feel to it.  I'm quite happy with this purchase, and would buy another World Tour again, rather than one of the other brands that I own.  Amazon.com did a great job, too, getting this out to me.
This seems like a nice product, but maybe I'm doing something wrong.  I can't get the bottom guitar support to lock in place.  It twists around and that makes it a little hard to put the guitar in place.  Maybe there is something I need to do differently?
I got two of these for my electric bass and rhythm guitars.  Great little stands at a great price.  They are sturdy, easy to assemble and adjustable.  I'd suggest this to anyone needing a guitar stand.
Nice bag with great features. It is slightly large for a Telecaster or Stratocaster but works fine for either.I actually swapped another bag, putting a Les Paul Jr in this one and a Tele in the Gibson bag as theGibson bag was a really tight fit for the LP JR. headstock.
I am deployed to middle east and beat my guitars up pretty good.  I have 3 World Tour bags to keep my axes safe!  Nice padding, nice features.
I have an ESP guitar with a slanted headstock that had a hard time fitting into the gig bag that the music store threw in when I got the guitar. After buying a line-6 pocket pod and some good studio headphones there was simply no room left in that old bag.Found this bag and liked the fact that it has so many front pockets and it really looked like it would fit all of my gear, cables, etc. I originally put it on my wish list because I will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise.My guitar fits perfectly. It used to be a struggle getting my guitar in the old gig bag and zipping it shut. As mentioned, the curved headstock makes the guitar taller and the old gig bag always had the pointed tip of the headstock poking out of it because it just would not close.But this big closes all the way and it does have so much more padding than my previous bag. And the pockets - OH THE POCKETS! They fit ALL of my gear. I have my guitar cable, a set of full size sennheiser headphones, a line 6 pocket pod, all the allen wrenches, a tuner, and my tremelo neatly organized in all the separate pockets. And there is room for more if I need it!The bag does smell a little funky the first few days but it didn't stink up the house like some reviewers mentioned. Just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.One last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. I did not know this but wow I had no idea how useful that could be. I tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. Then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. I really cannot recommend this bag enough. I do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but I don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, I would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.Hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear!
This bag is well padded, has backpack straps to carry comfortable, and several pockets to hold cable, extra strings, picks, and much, much more. For the price, I feel like it is a steal. Some people complain about the smell. It kind of smells like motor oil. It is strange, but being I have been around that smell so much, it doesn't bother me. Be warned about it though.
Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room.  This is a better quality bag than an &#34;average&#34; bag, but with a couple of comments:1.  It smells like an industrial rubber factory upon opening.2.  The large, main zipper is easy to close but somewhat difficult to unzip.  Surprised me because it's a large-toothed zipper.3.  Construction seems to be pretty good.  This is not a hard case, but to get a guitar from point A to B, it works just fine.4.  Padding is sufficiently thick.  It's not a paper thin bag, but it's not thick enough that the guitar would survive a drop.Would I get another one?  Probably, as long as the use was long term storage or to travel small distances.  Otherwise, I'd get a soft sided hard case (the new wave of Styrofoam cases) or a regular old hard sided case.
I have seven of these that I use on my Ibanez AM73's, but they are perfect for anyAM series guitars (like the 93).The bag is well padded, and not to expensive.It seems it is always on back order which tells me they are very popular.The dimensions are: 41"L, 14"W at Bout, and 3" Deep. It has two large zippers; the head zipper goes all the wayaround, and the bout zipper stops before entering the bottom area which is the ONLY draw back to thisgig bag, as with ALL deeper guitars, you want the bottom (bout) zipper to at least complete the bottom areato make placing and removing easier.This is the best gig bag I have found in the last few years for the smaller bout guitars that does not cost too much.
This is a great bag, regardless of cost. The fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. (Free shipping only makes it that much better.) Unlike some other reviewers, I have not noticed any objectionable smell. I will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. The fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. (I would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick.) In addition to the main carry handle at the side, there is another in back, at the top, as well a pair of backpack-style straps, so finding a convenient means of carrying your guitar shouldn't be any kind of an issue. The two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. In my opinion, this bag could easily sell for twice the price and still be considered a bargain. As it is, it's very cheap insurance for my Epi Les Paul II.
This quality bag would probably cost more like $35+ at your local music store. Appears well made, has good padding and several pockets for strings, picks, cable, whatever. Taking one star off for the slightly bothersome smell (also mentioned by other reviewers). Not terrible, but somehow chemical. Hope it goes away soon.
The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the " plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs.
I am a tech as well as a guitar player. I also have spent time in the past Teaching soldering. But these cables seem to be well made with good solderless connections. Most of us know by now that there's a lot of hype but it really comes down to Good Quality Cable (This Seems to be) Good Stable Connectors (These seem to be) & the connections between the two that last (Time will tell). All I know is I have Hand Soldered Special plugs with Good Cable to only have them break with use and I expect the same with these especially in a high use situation where they are plugged & unplugged often.- I do know these are signal clean & do Not bleed f highs & that is critical in my book.- They are Very Easy to use & can be done on Stage between or before sets very quickly and with NO Soldering & I Love that!I will definitely use these again unless I find a longevity problem.LM
Very good quality cable and plugs. Easy to make custom length cables from 3 inches to 30 ft. My pedal board looks so professional and uncluttered that I actually made room for 1 more because there was no extra wire to get in the way.
This is one of my favorite music purchases in a while. Cleans up your gear's appearance tremendously. Very easy to use and lots of extra cable length.
I bought this to replace a folding stand that was just not strong enough to hold up under the weight of some of my guitar books. This stand works great for me, and hold even the largest of my music and tab books.The construction is much better than other portable stands I've used in the past, and has two great features that I really appreciate. One is it's height adjustable, and two is the tilting head. The tilting head is a real bonous on a portable stnad, and this one works great.For the price this stand is a great buy that I would recommend to anyone, but being primarily a guitarist this stand is execptional. With the page holders tilting head and height adjustability this is one of the best stand purchases a guitarist can make.
Of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand I use at home. It does twist around a bit when you handle it. On the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light. This stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. I've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and I've never had it tip over, but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and I set the legs to their sturdiest position. I always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50" off the floor. That's plenty high for me even if I were a vocalist, and I'm 6'1". Sure, it does not impress as would an $80-$100, stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $13. I notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old, and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs, but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you: The stand they delivered to me this month (October 2011) was NOT a "two section" stand, as advertised. It's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20" length that fits in my practice bag. I actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. I bought one of these Hisonic Signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. That one definitely was in two sections, and I made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. That older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps.
It may be a challenge to assemble it.I personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how I am wired.I am not 'good' at putting things together without help.Good product after you get it assembled.James :)
This stand is a little difficult to open.  The top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  Other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it.
Its easy to set up and use. Simple instructions are on a sticker on the bottom of it. I re soak it easy 2-3 weeks or so. Can't tell if it's truly working on my maple wood ukulele.
I have been using Hercos for for many years. They are simple to use and offer my banjos good humidification.  I place a Herco in the neck section of the case and another in the section where the head sits.For guitars I place a Herco near the peg head and a stringed instrument humidifier that slips between the strings in the other. Great insurance against damage to instruments owing to dryness.
I like these humidifiers.  Works if you keep it with instrument in your case, and upkeep is minimal.  Work on all strings very well, but be careful, easy to fall out of case, so just be careful!
It doesn't seem to work. I think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water.
Herco is a Jim Dunlop company and this little humidifier was suggested to me through someone who has used them for awhile. Dunlop is a trusted brand in guitar maintenance for the most part. I wanted to stay away from the typical humidifiers due to their tendencies to leak and stain the guitar wood. I have used this for a few weeks now and it still remians moist. The product came fast and the instructions are straight forward. I may order another if this one performs well.
Great slap echo sound.  Do not buy this with the expectation that it will act like a digital delay- it's closer to a reverb.  It provides an echo sound similar to if you were playing in a room covered in tile (an old engineering trick!).  Great for old school rock and roll, rockabilly, chicken pickin etc.  This will fatten up the sound of a dry amp.  As with all FAB pedals, I find the knob placement slightly annoying, but at this price point you can't really make a justifiable complaint.  Construction quality is somewhat cheap but the knobs feel solid and it has not failed me in more than a year.
This pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo I expected. I doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old Dan Echo DE-1 pedal.  That certainly explains the difference in price. You get what you pay for. I'm using it with a Fender Eighty-Five solid state amp. I tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. If you're looking for a good slap echo effect, I would recommend spending more money and buy the Dan Echo DE-1 pedal or even the Danelectro BLT slap echo pedal is less expensive than the Dan Echo, but still sounds better than the FAB echo pedal. The FAB echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. It's just not as good as I expected. I'm sorry I bought it and I don't recommend this pedal. There are much better ones on the market. Shop around.
I admit, i was really just curious how good a $15 pedal could possibly be, so i figured i would try one out. I had played some Danelectro stuff in the past (a baritone guitar and an amp many years ago) and remembered being satisfied with their stuff. Anyway, i figured since the pedal was so cheap, why not try it out.You know, it is a pretty decent stompbox. The slap echo is a good enhancement effect, meaning, it isnt really over the top....just gives you a mellow, reverb-ish echo...not quite delay, not quite reverb...kind of somewhere in between. I have since added it to my stompbox set up for that little something different. Not bad at all. I cant speak to battery life though, since i use an adapter combo to power all my effects. For kicks, try it out with some distortion and/or overdrive, and a wah....Anyway....Enjoy!
I bought one of these pedals 3 years ago, along with some of the other Danelectro pedals in this line, and was happy with it. The sound I get with it is very, very cool. After a while it just stopped working. While I was disappointed at that moment I just ordered another one the next time I was online. You can't beat the price. If it does stop working after after a few years of use, you aren't looking at paying $90 or more for a new pedal. All of my other Danelectro pedals are still working just fine so it may have been a fluke in the electronics or I just used it to death. An electrical engineer friend and I took the pedal apart to try and fix it but decided it wasn't worth taking up our time since I could replace for $15. So I ordered another one. Definately get an adapter for this. Yes, it's casing is plastic but quite sturdy. Just don't jump on it like you're trying to put out a fire when turning it on and off. Guitars and effects are the tools of a musican's trade not the hammer and nails of a builder's. Think about getting a 1 Spot adapter so you can chain several pedals to one outlet. If you would rather use batteries for each of your pedals...well...I'd suggest buying them by the gross. Any effects pedal made by any company is going to eat batteries like a stoner eats potato chips. Used alone or with other effects, the Danelectro Fab Slap Echo Effects Pedal will be sure to delight your auditory kinesthesis.
good price for effect  if your looking for a bit of echo then this is for you.  I have amps that have this feature that due a better job.
It's a flange pedal, what else? For the price I was really happy with it. If I knew someone who was more skilled than me I'd get the workings inside a different case. The shape is cool, but I'd feel safer with it in a metal casing. The button is smaller than I thought, but it's not an issue at all; it's kinda easier to press!As for someone like me who is starting to get into pedals, for the price just to see how they work and if you want to invest in this realm, I would recommend this!
The regen control goes to very strong deep levels that will rumble the floor at the lower end (My fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker rattled the walls) of its sweep and can give a very cool effect. I notice very little tone suck with the pedal bypassed. Also, the speed know has a great range with 5+ second sweeps to super fast leslie and univibe like tones. The depth knob does it's job. It doesn't have a manual knob to move the sweep, but I leave the depth all the way up most of the time so it's no big deal. For the price, this was perfect for trying out a discreet flanger pedal instead of the one built into my Vox modeling amp.
-1 star for plastic...otherwise excellent , YouTube has many reviews on these,The FAB pedals are great values,For what a flanger is for me, this is perfect, great sounds great price.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-6 Fab Flange effects pedal works great and gives me that wobble phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
the case is made of plastic so care should be taken in stomping on it but the product is so much fun!!! this thing is so worth the 20 dollars that i paid for it and more! wide sweeping flange effect, great harmonics and little power useage.  well worth the investment!!!!
I'm a fanatic about my frets looking shiny and polished.  I want them to be slick when I bend notes.  If you polish too hard or too often with steel wool, it can wear down your frets.  These micro abrasive sheets do a great job without harming your frets.  I watched a Youtube demo and that sold me on ordering them.  I think Amazon had the best price.
My frets were completely whited after using one of these sheets. I recommend using it togheter with a metal cleaner and you will return your frets to original factory bright. Incredible!
Solidly built, small tester that can easily be carried around in a gig bag.  There isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the LEDs are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out.
If you are in a band or a sound guy for a band you gotta have one of these. The time and stress saved by not depending on trial and error to eliminate good/bad cable is priceless. Bottom line!!! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve.
A must have in every gig bag for checking all your cables.  I keep this with my battery tester for my active's.  Sure eliminates a lot of guess work at this first hint of audio trouble.  Easy to use and economical product.
We bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. It appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues.
I have been using this tester for about a year to test out my XLR cables and those that I come into contact with at work. It works but does not detect all faults (only non intermittent ones), it comes in a durable enough housing and is compact enough to take everywhere.
Does a great job of checking cords. Was able to eliminate a lot of bad cords from my stash. Tests multiple types of cords also!
I picked up this Behringer CT100 cable tester because it takes the guesswork out of maintaining a cable collection. The unit does its job very well and it helped me find several bad cables that I previously thought were ok. It is well built and sturdy. The bottom of the tester has sharp metal corners and screws that could damage a wooden table. I suggest you get some adhesive rubber pads to support the underside.Although the machine itself is good, the accompanying documentation is awful. It presupposes a working knowledge with audio equipment that many users may lack. For example, it does not include illustrations of how the LCD readout should look when a cable is good or bad. I had to go to an audio engineering forum to find a diagram. As it turns out, the Behringer CT100 is an inexpensive knockoff of the Morley Swizz Army cable tester. The manual for the Morley unit is available online and it has diagrams that make the testing easier to understand.
This thing will test most all the cables a musician will use ... rugged, reliable and simple to understand ... for the price, it is hard to beat ...
Idiot-proof, compact, extremely sturdy. All metal enclosure with good quality jacks, simple to understand LED readouts. Runs on 2 AA batteries.Features that set this apart from the slightly cheaperPyle-Pro PCT10are:-'Test tone' function which sends a known volume signal down the line. Very helpful in level adjustments down long chains of equipment.-'Intermittent' issue indication - This is what made me choose this model. If there's even the shortest dropout, the LEDs indicate it. Intermittent issues are the most annoying and can be difficult to troubleshoot.My only complaints:-The a small screw holding the battery cover on stripped immediately when initially inserting batteries. It was like carving a bar of soap with a knife. Quite frustrating. Used my Dremel to change it from phillips into a slotted screw, and managed to get it out.-There's an included belt clip that attaches with two screws on the back. This clip blocks access to the battery compartment, which is ridiculous. Luckily I have no need for the clip. I used one of the screws intended for the clip as a replacement to the stripped battery cover screw.-No rubber feet on the bottom + metal enclosure + battery cover screw = sliding around and marring whatever it sits on. I stuck some re-purposed rubber feet on the bottom.After the few 'problem solving' situations mentioned above, this thing is a 5 star product. Too bad they couldn't go the extra step to make it 5 star out of the box.
For the price, it's worth it I guess. If you just want to try it, go for it, that's what I got it for. It sounds nice and adds a cool tone to my setup, but after playing on a few more expensive chorus pedals I would suggest saving up if you really need a chorus pedal. But for the price it's not too bad.Oh, and the casing isn't like a wimpy plastic knife plastic. it's pretty durable. Albeit don't throw this on concrete and expect great results but it could stand a few stomps.
I mean you paid 15$ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the BOSS it's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it's about twice this price. It does what is supposed to and it doesn't have a cheap look. For home and garage entertainment is good enough. I was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand, but now that i know that i like it i'm going to buy the distortion (red) one. i'm only sad they don't make a noise gate or something similar. That would be the top of the deal.
the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for.
This puppy sounds fantastic. The controls allow the effect to be adjusted from very faint to over the top Chorus with deep and intense sound. The controls are on the front, as are the in/out plugs, so it is a little tight when adjusting the knobs. Very reasonable pricing. Uses a 9V battery or 9V adaptor. It has a retro look and an old school sound, perfect.
fast delivery, works perfectly...I have 3 of the Danelectro effects pedals... hard to say which I prefer most cause they all have an individual and distinct sound...I'm partial to the chorus ...good item
It's plastic that's 1 star deduction, but in this case, very pleased overall. The effect here isn't to take off to another planet of sound but all set at middle 12 o'clock this pedal is awesome, and really appealing.Several other combinations are excellent too.  Check YouTube there's plenty on this, great price pedal.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-5 Chorus effects pedal works great and gives me that soft phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Yes, this pedal is made of plastic. Yes it is inexpensive. But don't be fooled- unless you really mash on the switch button like an idiot, or over torque the battery cover screw too hard with a screw driver and strip out the plastic threads- it is pretty tough and durable. The chorus effect has plenty of adjustment, tone, and depth. It may not be a Boss pedal, but for $15.99 you are getting a tremendous value and it sounds very good. I was so impressed with these inexpensive pedals I now own 4 or 5 of them. As a hobbyist guitar player who does not want to invest hundreds of dollars into multiple effects pedals- I am into 4 or 5 of them PLUS associated cables and a power adapter for about the same amount than I could buy ONE Boss or other high quality pedal for.I would also recommend buying the Danelectrode 9V power adapter if you use multiple pedals. You can also buy a 5 gang power cable and daisy chain up to 4 or 5 pedals from the same power supply to make your own pedal board. If you have multiple Danelectro pedals it is a clean way to tie them together. I also bought some short 6 inch instrument cables and daisy chained the pedal inputs/outputs together so I can have mixed effects, or have each one independently.These pedals have been used almost daily for a couple of months now and I have not had one issue with any to date. A few other guitar player friends that have tried mine out are also very impressed by them. Absolutely a 5 star value!
Got this little guy last night to use with my Squier Tele Custom II, hooked it up and played around with it for a while and it really impressed me for the quality of effect you get for nearly pocket change! I also have a Digitech RP-50 that has multiple effects including different types of chorus and this Fab Chorus sounds better than any of the RP-50's chorus settings.  I am so looking forward to laying down some cool tracks using this with the Tele, my Applause acoustic/electric, and my Squier Vintage Modified 70's bass guitar. And like other folks who've bought this product, I'll most likely be getting some of Danelectro's other Fab boxes and the Dan Electrode power supply.
Gives a nice warped slightly detuned effect to your first at the right settings.(Think Alice in chains, or REALLY distorted live nirvana solo) admittedly not everyone's into the whole grunge tone. But it was what I was looking for.Has some nice shimmers and thickening on other settings too.And hey, you can pretty much get it for pocket change.
I have yet to find a pedal that can match this little guys desired effect......  If you know how to use it, it really delivers a good effect.
I shopped around local music shops and was discouraged with the prices. Checked out Amazon and was a little skeptical with the reasonable price, but pleasantly surprised when we received it.
Guardian?  Well, it is padded, but I've only gigged once since having the item (with 3 rehearsals held prior) and I can say that the case is nicked up "pretty good," as they say in the South.  Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane.  Now, that's for flight cases to handle, but don't even come near abusing your instrument while it is housed inside this case, because you may be disappointed to have to buy new parts once the "guardian" fails to guard against crushing your hardware.  This item is not one of the better cases out there, but it does suffice, and it does look good.  The first day I got it, someone said, "nice case, it looks great!"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB.
my fav cases ever
I've been on a guitar accessory shopping spree lately, and this is my favorite purchase as of late.  I've bought nice straps, but when I'm practicing for hours at a time, this foot rest is a great reprieve, and literally a weight off my shoulders.
Was using a box and this is a great help.  My stomach doesn't feel wrenched anymore.  I use it on my right leg with the guitar on the right leg.  Maybe not as conventional as the classic position but it works for me.
Great foot rest, it's not flimsy.  But it's not light weight.  I put it in my guitar bag to carry with me and I definitely feel that it's there.  I like that it's adjustable to various heights.  I am short (5'1") so I usually have it on the highest setting to prop up my left leg when I'm playing classical guitar to get the guitar at the right angle.  But I sometimes adjust it down when I switch it to my right leg and when I'm playing Flamenco and rather than rest the guitar between my legs like in the classical posture, I shift it over to my right leg.  I ended up getting a 2nd one so that I keep the one at the highest setting for when I'm playing classical, and then the other one at the lower setting for my Flamenco playing.  Great foot rest, I recommend it.
Just what I needed to position my guitar while seated.  I was worried it would not hold the weight, but it does well.
I was looking for a foot rest for a good value and that is exactly what I got.  There isn't too much to say about it.  It's sturdy.  It's adjustable.  It's a great price.  It really made playing easier for me.

The other reviews for this foot rest called it sturdy and well built. They were right. It can be adjusted to a number of different heights to suit your particular needs - and based on the design of the stand it will stay where it's put. One of the best parts is that while it is stable enough to be the main foot rest where I play my guitar it can be collapsed flat and it easily fits into a bag or backpack - probably around half of the thickness of a chord book, although heavier, as it is steel with a rubber tread on top. It feels like I will own this for a long time - a well priced, good value.Edit2/2013After owning this for around a year and using it every day I find that it still looks and works like new. I recommend it highly.
This thing is useless. Good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. Unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. Pass on this.
This is quality construction.  It's definitely a must.  I'm a taller guy and it's important to have proper posture for longer playing periods.  I'm glad I bought this.
I've owned several poor quality foot rests in the past and needed a new one.  This one exceeded my expectations and for the price is an excellent value.I'm 6'2 and weigh 225.  There are numerous adjustment angles that I can switch to and be comfortable and I'm not concerned about the legs bending.  The photo makes them look weaker than they are.
great rack.  small enought to fit on top of a table or under it.  light weight but holds a lot.  at some point I had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors.
First off, most audio racks have that annoying &#34;slide these little metal pieces over the rails and put your screws into them&#34; instead of properly sized holes. Not this one. Not only do the holes get made proper size with threads in them, but it even includes 48 screws so you don't have to try to figure out which of the 3 sizes you've collected over the years is going to fit.I loaded it up with equipment and haven't had a worry about it since. Solid construction and the mounting just works. This one is done right.
This stand is great for my 45lb Peavey 1500. It is a light weight rack and I had to put the amp toward the bottom. I wouldn't put much more in it but it is exactly what I needed. I can grab the rack by the top bracket and move it around easily. Haven't tried gigging with it but if you are gentle I think it would work fine.
I've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so I guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore USELESS.  Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE.  It's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this.
it ok, its hard to use the bottom 1u space because of the angle, the gear must be very short to fit the bottom space before hitting your mounting surface....11u rack, not 12u....
I use this with my mobile DJ equipment and it is fantastic. Very sturdy and light enough to easily carry. Holes for screw mounts are perfectly placed and allow easy component installation. Plastic covers on the feet came off right away though, but not really a big deal to me.
I've uploaded customer-supplied images above to show just how much gear one of these is capable of holding and how small the stage or studio footprint is. When you factor in the price it's plain to see that this rack is not only a bargain, but a flexible platform for mounting components.One other characteristic that the images reveals is this is not a table-top only rack. They work very well on the floor.The rack itself is easy to assemble and is built like a tank. I have a bass amp head and a power amp, plus a power conditioner in one of my racks that, combined, weighs around 50 pounds. The rack is not stressed or strained by this weight, and could probably hold another 50 pounds safely and reliably. Another plus is it comes with a bag of high quality mounting screws for components, eliminating that expense (I was expecting to have to orderRaxxess Rack Screws With Washers Hardware (Pack of 25), which turned out to be completely unnecessary.)My only complaint is the rubber feet caps easily fall off, but a little glue rectified that rather trivial problem.If you need portability, reliability and value for smaller gear suites that are frequently moved (such as setting up on stages) this is an ideal solution for rack mounted equipment. I am so pleased with mine that I intend to purchase another one, bringing the total to three.
I purchased this to help unclutter my desk with some of my recording gear. This stand is very stable and useful! So if you want a cheap way to rack your stuff this is the way to go!
The ability to quickly change the range and sensitivity has made it easy to dial in the exact sound you want to hear. It's built like a tank and has worked flawlessly in the time I've had it. Since I normally power it with a wall wart, I don't have much of an opinion about battery life.Bottom Line: It costs a bit more than the standard Dunlop wah pedals, it's worth it.
Sure it's a few bucks more than the standard Crybaby, but totally worth it. Built like a tank, but make sure to apply a little bit of white lithium grease to the gear pieces once a year or so to keep things smooth and reduce wear on the inner workings.
Wow!  This is the pedal to own.  There are a lot of good pedals out there, but this one has that original, bright wah tone and a range of features and tonal settings that can take you from 70's quack to surf warble to rock tone sweeps. Just amazing! If you don't have to have a specific dunlop signature pedal, this will get you through most of the tonal range you could imagine. A great purchase and built like a tank.
For years I played the original Cry baby, the Vox Wah, and others I can't remember names of. I was always on a quest for a good wah sound that I just couldn't find. I didn't want to spend $600 on a wah with a rack. So at the recomendation of a studio engineer I purchased this wah about 5 years ago. I am very pleased that I followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah I was looking for. The greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable. The user dials in the frequency sweep they want. The volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix. I recomend this wah pedal over all the others, especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking.
This is the wah I was looking for.  Very versatile and built in boost feature is great too. buy it...you wont regret it.
First of all, I love the Crybaby 535Q and I recommend this wah pedal. I will tell you my wah pedal story.Several years ago, I bought a Crybaby GCB-95 and, even though I did not use wah very much at the time, I think it was in the shop twice to get repaired within a year. Fortunately, it never gave out on me during a gig, but it was only a matter of time. Finally, I gave up and just stopped using wah pedals completely.A couple years ago, I bought a Digitech XP-100 whammy wah, mainly for the whammy effects to learn how to do Morello's style. Since it has some digital wah patches was available, I started to use them too and was happy because it doesn't have a treadle that will break like on my GCB-95. The wahs were usable, but just did not sound as good.Finally I was supposed to play Alice in Chains, "Man in the Box" and the Digitech was just not going to cut it. So, it was time to get a real wah. I searched around on YouTube for demos and talked to people to see what they used. I chose the 535Q because people told me that they've never had a maintenance problem with them, and it is very versatile.You can get several kinds of wah sounds by tweaking the dials,and they have some great suggestions in the manual to get started. I set mine on the Cantrell setting and have left it there because I mainly use the wah when playing early alternative 90s hard rock styles. That setting works will in songs like RATM, "Bulls on Parade" as well, including to create the white noise for scratch DJ sounds.I still do not use wah pedals terribly often, but it is nice to have a reliable wah that can do whatever I need it to by simply adjusting a couple knobs. I think that as long as I need a wah pedal, this one will suit my needs in many styles, and I think it will remain on my pedalboard for years! It is definitely one to consider, and the price is not that bad.
Bought for project Telecaster. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!.
I know most budget guitars don't come with cases, most not even a gig bag anymore. That's the trade-off I guess in the internet age in order to keep costs down. Even my Fender Standard Telecaster came sans-case and I had to coax the salesperson to throw in a gig-bag as an incentive but even that was back in the day. I had not looked at guitar gear in so long that I didn't think about guitar cases until I got the itch to get a new six-string and came across these. They look great, seem well built(I am not a professional touring musician) and apparently do the job.The exterior is covered in black tolex, just like a pricey case, and the gold stitching and plush interior really make this case seem worth much more than the asking price. The storage compartment is adequately sized and there's a simple lock that would only be functional as a safety measure to ensure it stays latched. There are brass feet on the bottom and along the edge to keep it level and prevent damage to the case. It fits both my MiM Tele andSquier by Fender Deluxe Stratocaster Maple Neck, Pearl White Metallicperfectly and I suspect it will do a fine job protecting them.I will be picking up a tweed version for the Telecaster to match up with the style, and my lovely Fender amp. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case.
This is better than a gig bag, for sure, and looks like it could hold pretty much any standard sized solid body electric. Now, it's not padded really well and doesn't look like it'll hold up for more than a few years, but it was cheap. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star.
I bought to use for my squire strat. It also fit my tele to. A real good quality case to protect your axe from damage when carrying from gig to gig.
This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. I don't have any complaints. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next.
I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. The most recent was for something rather unique (a fanned fret, compound scale eight string) and that guitar also fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare.There are more expensive options out there, but for a non-fitted "do it all" case, this is the best bang for your buck hands down. I am comfortable using it to carry any of my guitars, from the inexpensive ones to the high end customs. Great case, great price.
The Pyle "Battery Powered PA System With Wireless Microphone" is surprisingly well made and has features I would have expected on much more expensive equipment. We run workshops, often at our customer's locations, and needed a portable PA system that could easily be transported and doesn't require a lot of power. Here are my observations:+ Long Battery Life - Worked for over 4 hours straight, but can be connected to AC to work as well+ Wireless Microphone - Built into the system, has good range, and acceptable sound. Battery included.+ Inputs for 2 Microphones, 1 Guitar, and 1 Audio Connection - Each with it's own volume control+ Portable - Built in retractable handles and wheels makes moving this around very easy+ Includes a mini-Plug to 1/4" Converter - A handy accessory+ Includes Echo Effect - A fun adjustable effect to liven up your voice (my kids loved playing with this :-)Note: My unit shipped with one of the fuses in a bag and it needed to be installed before the system would work.This unit worked much better than expected and is a great value for the performance of this small sized unit!Highly Recommended!
It works and is very versatile and puts out great sound and power.  the portable feature is great also. Just what i wanted
.I'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. I found one of these used for half the retail price. It had no microphone but I already have mics and I don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.Well, it was great. I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. BIG surprise; my Martin GPA sounded great through the PWMA-230 and so did my vocals. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. It's light as a feather (I have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. This is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. With my ZT Club amp for my Telecaster for band gigs and the PWMA-230 for acoustic gigs I have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.Update Oct. 25th:I think others have mentioned problems with Pyle-Pro Audio's customer service. I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. I wrote a least three times and got no response so far. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. I still love the PWMA230 but I am no fan of its manufacturer.Update Oct. 28To be fair, someone did finally contact me today. My questions were unanswered and I don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. I'll update as to the answers and information provided.
This system works just okay.  Try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.My microphone stopped working shortly after I purchased this item.  I contacted Pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.They couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where I could even buy a replacement.Very frustrating!
I only use this as a tube amp for vocal.  For the price, I can drive 2 mics, and fit it in a 1U space.  The tube sound is good enough for live performance for as long as I don't crank it up too much, it also helps with the gain of the SM58 as it's much lower than my other Line6 mic.  I used to have multiple  Studio Projects VTB-1s and ART Tube Pacs but their tubes seem to have died due to old age, and I mainly cared for the tube feature in them, so stepping down to the MIC2200 is fine with me.If you want to get warmer vocal sound, and don't want to invest too much for it, the MIC2200 is the way to go, imo.  However, buying Behringer products always require crossing fingers (and hope that they last).  So I'll update should I encounter problems.
This is a wonderful product for the price! Ive used other tube preamps that cause terrible humming at low input gain. A little difficult to set up properly, but if you are running an eq separate, then you only have to adjust the input and output. I dont care much for the tube display with led lights behind it, but it doesn't bother me either. Behringer makes great products at incomparable prices.
I use this as a microphone preamp with an AKG Perception 220 microphone. There are 2 ins and 2 outs, 1 balanced/1 unbalanced on each channel. I am not an expert on studio equipment so this review is from a personal position. I run this direct to my digital recorder. I get a good clean sound on my vocals. Still to early to give reliabilty and flexability of this unit. The unit is 2 channels, has rack mounts and is sturdy, not sure on the tube yet. New to the Behringer product line, but so far I like it and will explore its potential. 5 stars for price, quality, features, amazon.
I like this preamp. I use one channel for microphone and the other for an electric guitar with good results.Is very sadly and spendthrift that its useful life will be the duration of its tube, another concept of producci&oacute;n nothing considered with consumer and planet.
I operate an alternative broadcast studio, we create music related content and broadcast it on the internet. We needed some stand-alone microphone preamps and after searching the internet I decided to give this Behringer unit a try.This single rack space unit provides two independent microphone preamps, each of which is equipped with a single band of sweepable parametric equalization to adjust the timbre of the final output. Before I even tried the piece as a preamp I opened it up to look inside.DO NOT EXPECT TO CHANGE THE TUBEThe tube is mounted in such a way that it is probably impossible to change it out for a different one.Fortunately the preamps sound good with the stock tube. There is no schematic provided so it's really impossible to say how the tube is implemented in the circuit and how much it actually contributes to the tone of the unit.HOW DOES IT SOUNDThe preamps sound very good, full, rich, crisp highs, deep lows, it's a function of the microphone you connect to it as far as I can tell. For comparison I A-B compared this preamp to our very expensive API 3124+ preamp which is a 4-channel unit that we paid over $500 per preamp-channel for, that is 10-times the price per channel of this Behringer unit. I'm not going to say the Behringer beat the API but they were a dead heat in most listening tests. My female partner who is not too technical (but has great ears) thought the Behringer was just as good as the API. We also have a Grace m801 which is another over-$500/channel preamp, she definitely liked the Behringer sound better than the Grace (personally I think it was the EQ on the Behringer that affected her choice when comparing to the Grace).If my API or Grace preamps go toast I will definitely have them repaired. If the Behringer dies, it's going in the trash and I'll buy another one. It's simple economics and at $100 for two preamps that sound as good as they do these are really nice. They sound good. They have an industry standard packaging. The input and output connectors are excellent. It even has a line input mode so you can add a little tube distortion to a line-level signal (I have not tried this because we don't need it).We broadcast between three and ten, live one-hour shows per week using this preamp for vocals. NOBODY in our listening audience has ever complained and none of them know we switched from our high-end pieces to this very inexpensive preamp. Now our expensive preamps are back over in our production studio and are used for recording tracks that play behind our live performances during the shows.RELIABILITYWe have not had any problems with this unit. It is warmed up for an hour before each broadcast, I've never heard any noise or bad stuff come from it. We have A LOT of Behringer gear in our studio, it lives right along side gear from Neve, API, Allen and Heath, UA, Meyer, Lexicon and Apogee. Out of 103 pieces of Behringer equipment I've bought we've had two pieces that had problems and those occurred right out to the box. I had much worse reliability with Crown amplifiers than Behringer products and I really like Crown amps, regardless of the problems, they just sound so good. In my experience the Behringer products have provided professional results for an amazing low price. That's a win-win in my book.
I tested in my friend recording studio and work really good trust me for the price it over the top
I'm just getting into miking and recording music, mainly to get my son off to a good start. I'm kind of feeling my way. When I wasn't getting a good result from a dynamic mic, a friend suggested a pre-amp and/or a condenser mike. I ended up getting both (the AMP tube pre-amp) and running this through the AMP into my Tascam DP-008. WOW! I have to work on getting the levels matched properly, but this thing is just SO much cleaner than the dynamic mics when used on an acoustic guitar. Our music sessions have slowed down a bit (he just turned 16, so hanging with the Old Man is the LAST thing on his mind, LOL), but this is a quality piece of equipment that seems durable. Includes a nice hard plastic carry-case, too. For this kind of money, you can't really go wrong.
For the money, this mic performs very well. It is very sensitive, I can hear my computer fans in the background with this mic. If you are going to use it for recording make sure you have a quiet room. I also put a pop filter on it. I've only had it a day, so I'll see how it does in the long run.
this is my first real recording microphone. I really like it.  I use it to record vocal with my home studio setup and it does a good job
[Later: The mic is indeed the Behringer C-1, but Amazon has provided it with the description belonging to the C-1U.  Unlike Amazon's description, this is not a mic that comes with USB plug, phantom power, and computer connectivity. And, of course, none of the advertised "included" computer software programs is included.  It's a conventional studio mic that requires connection to a regular amp / P.A. with an XLR jack and phantom power. It will NOT connect to the USB port of a computer without an expensive adapter and a preamp with phantom power.  Moreover, Amazon's form thus far is denying a refund and offering only replacement--presumably for another mic just like this one! If you want the described mic, Amazon is showing it from a different vendor--at about 30 more plus S&H.;]The Behringer C-1 mic is the best condenser mic I've used for the money, its large diaphragm capable of reproducing some of the rich and deep sonorities of the costly, high-end mics at the radio station (NPR) where I occasionally work.  However, Behringer makes a distinction between the C-1 and the C-1U.  The description on Amazon fits the C-1U, not the C-1.  So one way or another, 50% of the purchasers of this product are likely to be surprised and disappointed.Indeed, the C-1U is a phantom-powered mic that doesn't require phantom power, which it derives from the USB port of a computer.  Moreover, the mic not only saves its owner the bother of a pre-amp with phantom power but it also makes unnecessary a costly (and time-consuming) XLR to USB adapter.  It's ready to go--just plug it into your laptop and start recording.  (I use Sound Studio, but the included free software--Audacity--works practically as well.)On the other hand, if the mic is a C-1 as advertised, be prepared to receive a conventional condenser mic, with an XLR connector and a phantom power requirement (found on numerous recording devices and P.A. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A.R.T.).Having just returned a keyboard--the M-Audio Pro88sx--for which Amazon mistakenly provided the wrong description (for the M-Audio Pro88, not the Pro88sx), I'd be hesitant to place any bets on which mic the buyer will receive--the C-1 as advertised, or the C-1U as described.  At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return.  And if the mistake is due to Amazon's description, returns are generally postage-free.
This microphone deserves the positive reviews it has received. It is very well made equipment, which is readily apparent to a total sound equipment novice like myself. The item as pictured looks different from what I received; it is not the all lighter gray plastic looking body base, it's more of champagne color and is metal and the screw on adapter on the bottom is black (heavy duty plastic). Not sure why the picture is showing that is, because the actual microphone I received is much more impressive looking.I was initially looking to spend ~$125 on a simple home recording setup using my iMac. I ultimately spent about $135 because I moved to a Behringer mixer board that can convey the appropriate power to a condenser mic like this one.For those who are starting out with recording, I recommend this microphone and a quality XLR cord and you will not be disappointed with your results.
Do not expect a studio quality out put from this unit. That said, for the price it is an excellent product. Obviously, if you are looking for a studio quality mic you would not be here. This product does what it supposed to do and exceeds your expectations. For a normal use this is quite good. Feels little tiny but excellent gain. I would buy it again if required.
I can't believe I'm giving a 5 star review to a Behringer product, but they got these right... I replaced a way-more expensive Audix condenser mic with these, and they actually sound pretty darned good. If I crunch one or if one breaks, I'll just get more at this price. I have other Behringer mics laying around, and they all kinda suck. These are totally fine.
These come with a stereo holding bar and adapter for mic stand.  They do need 48 V phanom power from your board or a mic amp.  I'm using a mic amp and these are the input to a paging system which I will review in more detail later.  The 48VDC comes from the mic processor then cancels feedback and sends the paging audio to my amplifier which I will review as a set.If you do stereo recording, you can't go wrong with these - their self noise level is so low it is below that of a human ear.  It sounds great, and setup outside with 140 dB of gain it really performs well hearing birds chirp from far away, rain drops comming down, and sounds you never would hear.Note:  NEVER get these wet - you must have a cover over them for outdoor use in the rain.You will need 2 XLR cables for full stereo recording with the transfer bar, but you already know that.
I use this pair of mics mostly to record a piano in XY configurationPros:-Price point-Sturdy, good construction-Included accessories (carrying case, clips, stereo bar)Cons:-Have to adjust the gain just right on a mixer preamp to avoid noise
no problem...it came today like the computer said it would... the box was mint...to my surprise there wasn't even any tape on it... I opened it ... pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab...thanks again Amazon....and why would I shop any where else?
It is lighter than most, fast and easy to set up and not bulky while strong and sturdy enough to support heavy 15&#34; speakers.The material and paint quality is not the greatest but the price is good and it will last long enough to worth the money especially for me gigging 4-6 times a week.
I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top.ffsalsa
Okay here we go again what can be said about this roduct except that it works and does what it us supposed to
It's a cheap speaker stand. Heavier, in terms of weight, than I thought it would be. Cheaply made, the safety pin is kind of a joke. Overall though, it'll do the job. I would not use this at the highest height setting, but one or two notches lower, else it starts leaning.
the knobs seem very easy to over tighten, I haven't done it yet but I'm planning on treating this stand with the utmost care so as not to have any surprises when I put my expensive PA speaker on it
If you have really large or heavy speakers, you might want to consider professional grade stands, but these will work fine for any speakers under 35 lbs. or so (maybe more, if you keep them lower down).  They look nice, and are easily worth their selling price.They do not include any additional hardware for mounting the speakers, so you'll have to figure out what you need, and buy those things separately.
I own a mobile DJ company and have 4 ultimate TS-90 stands and i'm really not happy with them.  This product is simple does the job and is well priced.  They are a little heavy at 9 lbs per stand but i like the look and operation of them.  I've been happy with them so far.
theres the snark for clipons, the blackout or boss tu-2 for pedals, or a rack option. my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. got at least 3 of these around, i can use this for bass or guitar (i tune to low drop f and it even picks it up on bass)
The tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. my only complaint is the little kickstand on the back, doesn't hold it at an angle that i find very usable.  otherwise? a fine product that i expect to last for years. korg makes great tuners. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. if any of the three of them were to ever be lost or stolen, i'd replace them in a heartbeat with exactly the same models.
I don't use the other features, but as a tuner, this product is spot on.  Filters out noise well when using the mic.  Only two things to gripe with - 1.  The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. and 2. It's not great for gig use as the screen isn't that readable.As a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent!
I sent this to my grown daughter for her birthday and she has been very pleased with the product. I have three tuners myself and I find the Korg to be portable, easy to use and easy to read. Battery life appears to be adequate. Oh, and not to forget...accurate. Shipping was faster than advertised. A "thumbs up for this one". Amazon comes through again on price and product.
I've owned several inexpensive Korg lcd tuners over the years. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs.
This thing works well and is a little easier to see and less jumpy than my old tuner.  The LEDs are a little cheesy compared to the old one though.  But maybe that saves on battery life.  I don't know.  It gets five stars for just doing its job quietly and for a fair price and not breaking.I'm also glad I bought the one specifically for guitar/bass and not the chromatic one.
This was the easiest tuner I had.  I am sorry I gave it away now when I upgraded.  LOL
Bought to tune my bass. Works fine and at the this price it cant be beat. Highly recommend for budget tuner.
Had to return the first one.  Second is holding it's own.  Just using it on an electric not sure about acoustic.  Spot on when used correctly inline with cables.
All tuners like this are going to be a little "jumpy", none of them are perfect.  This does the job perfectly once you get the hang of it.The Korg Pitchblack was a little out of my price range, so the GA40 is working perfect for now.  Overall this is a fair priced tuner from a reputable brand... five stars.
I AM SELF TAUGHT GUITAR FOR ABOUT 15 MONTHS.  WITHOUT THIS I WOULD BE LOST.  I WORK WITH A GUY WHO HAS PLAYED GUITAR FOR 30 YEARS.  HE TUNES IT TO ITSELF .  WHEN I HAD HIM TRY MY TUNER HE FOUND THAT HIS GUITAR WAS TUNED TO ITSELF YET SO FAR  OFF.  FOR $15 YOU CANT BEAT THIS.  DON'T BE SO CHEAP. BUY THIS AND ENJOY IT!
Fender Heavies, what more needs to be said?  Great price for the quantity.  Just buy it so you don't have to worry about losing a pick or storing extras around various places.
I love these picks. I buy tons of them all the time. If you are like me and prefer to just strum tunes on your acoustic then these are the picks for you. I prefer thin picks for basic strumming as I am a beginner guitarist and they are more forgiving.
i bought these because i couldn't see spending $4.50 a dozen at the local music store. I figure 12 dozen will last me for years. Get them for yourself if you use and lose picks like I can easily do.
I started using the confetti picks years ago, when I used to occasionally drop my pick.  No matter what color the floor/carpet/stage is, you can find your pick easily.  No lost picks.I like the extra heavy picks.  They suit my playing style well.  I don't have to wait for it to snap back, It doesn't bend. They don't break, either, although they do wear down over time.KMC Music Inc shipped fast and I got free shipping.  When I buy a gross, I only need to buy picks about once every 7 years.I would recommend these picks to anyone who likes a heavy pick!  Thank you KMC Music Inc for fast shipping!
These are the only picks I use.  They're Fender thins and the quality is one thing that Fender has kept consistent.  They arrived on time and I will order them again.
Great heavy picks, amazingly cheap price.  You really can't go wrong.  I lose my picks continually (Bermuda Triangle in my Laundry?), and this has been great to have an endless supply...
I don't know if they are the best (haven't tried them all), but from what I've tried, none are better. D'Addarios are top quality, and very reasonably priced. My choice for 12 string or 6 string acoustics.
Nice bright and full sound. Good life, they sound good for a couple of months. Inexpensive. Fast delivery. I am happy with this product.
These strings have soothed my poor sore fingertips...They are very light to play and make my practising easier whille Iconcentrate on building callouses  ; )
even though i ordered large...still not fitting...will do a little homework to try to get this reemed out a little more to fit...i do not have giant hands so large should fit...but not this...very well made...heavy if thats what your looking for...arrived on time..but...good luck
This is a very high quality Slide and really serves the purpose very well. Try one...............I think that you will love it, if that's what you're looking for.
After experiencing some frustration with the tone differences and the difference in the amount of noise between a Stevens steel bar (for lap playing) and a Dunlop 210 glass over-the-finger slide (for "Spanish style" playing), I decided to try the Dunlop Harris tapered brass slide.  It's probably a personal issue, but I much prefer the weight of the brass slide.  The taper seems to cover the stings of my resonator guitar more consistently than the straight glass slide.  The sustain is better and the string noise is easier to control.  This slide also seems to be well made and has a nice shine to it.  The material and the fact that it fits better than the glass slide are significant pluses.  Another practical plus for the brass slide is that I don't have to worry about what would happen if I drop it.  In short:  it's a winner.
I never use slide to play my guitar, this is the first I ever have, look like good quality, I just have to learn how to play ;-)
Got them today and put them on a Wasburn X series.  Nice sound. I would recommend these to anyone. An inexpensive but nice set.
I have used the EXL115W set for years.  Nice to have the whole set again.  Sometimes have to buy the EXL115 without the wound third, and then have to find the wound third in a single string.  Not fun.  I like the sound of the wound third.  I play a thin hollow-body electric and love how the strings sound and are easy on the fingers.  No more thick calouses on the fingers.  Playing weekinds and practicing, they last a long time with the same sound quality.
They have a nice thick sound, bright enough to be clear, good mids, nice bass notes, clear trebles. I like em.
D'addario has been at the forefront of quality and long lasting strings for as long as I can remember.  This guage is perfect for all my arch top guitars.
First wax I have bought. I usually don't wax. I tend to use cleaning sprays. I am going to be waxing now on. Gerlitz makes this wax easy, not greasy. This tin should last a lifetime. It comes with an applicator designed for contours of guitars. I would use just the minimal amount and still get a mirrorglaze. Leaves no ffingerprints or smudges. My classical guitar sounds better after a dose of the GERLITZ GNO NO 1 CARNUBA GUITAR WAX!!!!!
I bought this wax and compared it to Meguiars I've been using for years and it surpasses Meguiars by miles. I have a few guitars and they really shine with this wax, you can really see the depth of the paint with this wax and it works great on headstocks also. I like the applicator and the fact that this is a paste wax which is effortless to apply.Along with a few high end guitars, I also have a few beaters. I used this wax on an old Squier that is thoroughly used and it looks fantastic. fine scratches and blems are gone and the guitar looks great.I use old t shirts to buff the wax off the guitars and found that it comes off chrome easilly, I overdid it with an older Les Paul guitar and was surprised to see the wax come off with ease. I will buy this stuff again and again, my local guitar shop sells this for the same price.
This stuff works amazingly. If your interested in buying the product, don't listen to the people who say it is too dry. I thought it worked good, and mine was a bit dry. This stuff isn't supposed to be really waxy, its a hard wax so I would think it was supposed to be cracked. Mine wasn't that cracked, and it worked great! I love this product and would definitely recommend it and say this is a must-have.
I really feel like this thing is my personal slave, just standing off to the side, waiting to grab my guitar when I hand it off. It is reliable and rock solid. The tripod base has been very steady so far. It really is a great product.The other thing I have to say about this stand is that it has the non-scuff padding on the all the RIGHT places. I bought another stand from another company that claimed to have similar material. And it did, but not at all the guitar contact points.I do have to laugh at the folks here and on Musician's Friend who have given this a bad rating because of the following:1. "It ejected my guitar when it got tilted forward." - The basic idea is their guitar was on-stage, someone pushed the stand forward, the patented guitar retaining mechanism disengaged when the base of the guitar touch the floor on the way to the ground, releasing the guitar and dumping on the floor. REALITY: Let's say the stand held onto the guitar. It still would have hit face first and messed up the guitar. Sometimes accidents happen. Don't blame the stand. Blame the moron who knocked over your guitar.2. "The guitar touches the floor." - It's not supposed to! Try elevating the next, or make sure you bought the model appropriate for your kind of guitar.This stand is worth the extra money over those $15 disasters. Spend an extra $10 and save yourself the headache.
The absolute best guitar stand made. Strong, and durable. I bought one about 4 months ago, and just ordered a second. Hercules is by far the best quality for musical instrument stands.
My only complaint is that it doesn't fold up smaller, but otherwise this is an excellent stand. I have to concede I'm a bit spoiled by the super light weight and much more compact folded dimensions of myK & M Memphis Pro Guitar Stand. However that light weight comes at the cost of a slightly more fragile build. The extra heft of the Hercules has the advantage of slightly better stability when you remove the instrument from the stand (the K&M; tends to want to bounce backward as the weight is removed if used on a padded carpeted floor). Despite not folding up quite as small, the Hercules is simpler to unfold and adjust (one action for legs, one action for height, whereas the K&M; has three separate legs and two vertical sections / clamps). I do realize that I bought the one without the folding yoke and am not considering that aspect when comparing it to the K&M.; Length and girth folded would still be quite a bit larger than the K&M; (large enough that I won't try carrying it in my gig bag pocket as I do the K&M;).I'm also not convinced Hercules' trade mark pivoting finger yoke is all that necessary on this type of stand. The back angle and the fact that a good portion of the instrument rests against the padded legs means it would take so much force to knock an instrument off of it that it's knock the whole stand over. No big deal, just more parts (and weight). I think I prefer K&M;'s yoke, as it automatically adjusts inward to the width of the neck as weight is applied. The Hercules has a fixed width yoke with pivoting "gates". Both work perfectly well with my Fender and similar bass head stocks.I've had two of the K&M;'s and the second was a bit of a disaster. It was defective in more than two areas. Defects happen, but one highlighted a weakness which concerns me a bit, and lead me to try the Hercules(I won't go into all of that here, see my review on that product). Aside from the potential weak spot of the yoke, the Hercules should prove to be far more durable and tolerant of my occasional clumsiness. I'm glad I purchased this one and I think I'll get plenty of use from it. But I should mention, it did allow me to better understand and appreciate the strengths of the K&M;, mainly its awesome portability (despite its slightly more fragile nature).In the interest of further comparison, I've got anUltimate  GS100 Support Genesis 100 Guitar Standon order, and will review it against this and the K&M; as well. I opted for the GS-100 without an automatic closing mechanism over the GS-1000 which has one for the reasons I stated above- I don't believe it is strictly necessary. The reviews of the GS100 are also more favorable, and the GS100 is cheaper (which suits my cheapness.
I've been playing the guitar since the 1960's, so I've gone through plenty of guitar stands.  Always found the hanging-type to be the safest & most secure.  For a long time I was using the Hamilton chrome hanging stand.  When I first saw these being used by all the guitar players at the church I attend (Christ Community Church, St Charles, IL), I decided to give them a look.  The build quality is very good and all the sections that come in contact with the guitar (Electric or Acoustic) are padded with a foam material to prevent scratching/ denting.  It offers a very solid support and I feel safe putting my guitar on it.  This is the only type of stand I prefer to use.  I do wish it wasn't made in China, too much of our money goes to that country (just my opinion).  The bottom line is that I am very happy with this stand and would recommend it to any guitar player who wants a sturdy, well built stand that keeps the guitar safe and should last for ever.
I heard alot about these stands and finally decided to buy one after my cheapo one fell over with my bass still on it.This is a nice looking, well designed stand and feels like it can withstand the rigors of constant use. However, the 5th time I took this to a show, I expanded it and one of the screws and nuts attaching the back leg to the support bar fell off and I never did fine the missing screw...wound up wrapping electrical tape around it to support my bass for the night. I ended up buying some screws and fixing it (which was also a pain as the nut needs to be inserted about 6 inches down the pipe and secured so you can thread the screw into it....not an easy task. I really expected better quality for $35.00 after such light use....still love it, but not to a 5 star level.
I bought this stand primarily to hold my Epiphone Les Paul. I have owned the other cheaper stands which are not built as well as the Hercules. The stand holds the guitar in place by the neck and the bottom of the guitar rests on the padding of the stand legs. There is no room for movement of the guitar like you fins with other stands. I can also move the guitar in the stand from room to room without issues. I plan on buying another one to hold a rather large acoustic guitar. I like how the stand is completely adjustable and locks into place.I strongly suggest this stand for heavier guitars rather than the cheaper stands out there, the extra cost is well worth the investment. I bought this at my local guitar shop for $40 after looking into it, the manager of the guitar shop recommended it to a few people while I was there.UPDATE 11/5/12- A few weeks ago, I bought myself a second one seeing the amazon price was lower than the local retailers. I usually buy locally, but the deal here was great. The stand is worth the price and more.
This is hands down the best guitar stand on the market. It will last a lifetime and never drop your axe. I have two of these plus a wall mount hanger for my basses and I love them all!
I had been leery about leaving my Fender 5 string Custom Jazz bass on guitar stands until I met the Hercules GS414B.  The stand is "built like a tank" with sturdy legs and a strong upper support that fits the neck and headstock of my bass perfectly.  My bass weighs about 9.5 pounds with the strap and with its long neck, fits perfectly in the Hercules, with the body of the bass resting  well-balanced against the padded legs.The design and reclining angle of the stand makes it extremely stable and I experimented with trying to tip the bass over. It will take more than  an "accident" to tip the bass off its stand.  The self-closing mechanism works very well and requires no effort to lock or to unlock.The lock is engaged by simply placing the bass in the locking mechanism.  The lock releases by lifting the bass from the stand.My only dislike is the bright yellow paint on the leg hinge mechanism. I would have preferred  the stand being a more conservative all black.
I love these strings they are a little more mellow than most mando strings so they sit in the mix and let the guitars cut though a little more. I'm hoping they last a while!
I bought a cheap Rogue A100 mandolin, and after setting it up I of course replaced the cheap factory strings.  I put these on, and what a difference.  These aren't too heavy, not too light.  They ring nicely.  I find that coating bronze strings with a good string cleaner, like Dunlop 65 Ultraglide, can help you avoid the dirty fingers and get much more life from the strings.
The J74's are sort of the default string that mandolin dealers put on their instruments.  They are bright and brassy when new, and give a decent punch to the sound.  However because they are bronze, they can discolor your fingers and they tarnish pretty quickly, especially in the summer when your fingers are sweatier.  Also, since they are round-wound, they are harder to fret than a flat-wound string and harder to shift up and down.  But the people who like them change them often, like once in 30 days or so, or whenever they play a gig, to get that nice bright brassy punch for when they are new.  This is because they get to a point where you have to work harder just to get the same volume, being less elastic, and less lively.  One thing is sure, that the J74's are loud and zingy, and that's why dealers put them on their mandolins.  Some folks move to the heavier J75's to get even louder and fatter woof on their chops.  The J74's are brighter and more aggressive than flatwound strings and cut through when you're in ensemble work.  Just make sure to change them often to get the best performance.
I am using these strings on an inexpensive A-Style Beginner's Mandolin; these strings made a significant difference in the quality and tone of the instrument; I strongly recommend these strings.
I am learning to play the guitar. I needed a place to place my lesson book that was a little more ergonomically sound. I debated between this one and the other popular/slightly more expensive one. I cannot speak to that one's assembly process, but I found this one to be reasonably simple.I also like how you can just pull or push the stand in order to raise/lower it. The same goes for tilting. It is a superb stand with ample table space for book, iPad, capo, some picks and if you are creative, headphones. I love it and I am using it almost every single day. Very solid construction and the stand with the most height I could find.Go ahead and compare specs of each of the stands offered. As of today, this is the one that wins in the height, shelf and space categories.
I think someone else wrote that this is like the music stand they used in high school band class.  Yup, it is.  I would buy again.  My use is to hold my books while I try to teach myself how to play guitar.  This stand could easily hold a phone book as the lip is about 2+&#34; high.  Very happy with it.Just a warning to those that are picky.  Because of the way the tube locks together, the part that holds the music can shimmy a little if you knock or brush it.  Not an issue for me, but also did not want someone to think this is like a brick and won't move.It would be hard to tip over because the quality and thickness make this puppy heavy.  Buy it, you'll like it.  It will survive a nuclear blast.
this stand is VERY GOOD ! nice and strong , i recommend if you can only afford a low price one to get this , it is worth a lot more then 29 dollars, this will last a life time, and its not real heavy you can pick it up and move it easily,,i was looking at the cheep fold up ones and read some of the reviews and then remembered seeing them in different yards out by the trash cans to be picked up with the trash,, so i looked for something better and ,i am so happy to have found this , at this price.i didn't want to pay more then 15 dollars for a stand ,but i really wanted something to last and if i bought one for 9 or 15 dollars and in 6 months its in the trash ,i would be buying another one , so really ,this is the BEST DEAL , i am SO HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS STAND you can't go wrong with this one,,,REALY !! get it !  it will hold a few books and stand should not tip over,its heavy enough not to, it slides up and down nicely, and the book shelf  tilts easly and stays and you can turn it as well, .,bolts are NOT plastic,witch is nice,,and very easy to put together and fast,,i got it together in one minute,i only used regular pliers to put it together..  the stand goes low enough for sitting or high enough for standing up while playing instrument,i truly recommend this for anyone  ! (i did get the foot guards for $1.95 to protect floor, on carpet you will not need them ,)and it comes with a 10 year warranty ,and with the free shipping you can't beet it,
I read the reviews with low stars, the major complaints are squeaking sound when you twist the head. We use it to hold the musics and don't need to turn the head. The heads of music stands on stage are fixed too, if they turned, they could not fit into the music stand rack. This one work great for us.We have several music stands,  we didn't like them not because the heads can't be turned but they are unstable and can't hold thick book.
Good cheap basic metal slide, sounds like it should. Only problem is I prefer to wear it on my ring finger but I have big hands (viz XL and XXL gloves) and the slide is too small to fit except on my little finger. A bit annoying but not the slide's fault I guess!
For the price, i'm really happy. It's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think.
I lost my trusty slide and really miss it. The Dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. If it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. My old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. The Dunlop is well made, as expected. It's just not the Antiques Roadshow model I had in mind. Hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name.
I am a basic player and just starting to explore the possibilities of using a slide.  this one works fine so far.  it is rather heavy and I like that.  I also like that because it is metal, if you drop it on the floor, it is not going to break like my glass one did.  Be sure to get your correct finger size before ordering however.  otherwise it may come too big or small for your chosen slide finger.
Make sure you order the right size! I don't use this product very often but it provides great sustained and does not kill strings.
Fast delivery, and exactly as advertised.  Put it to work making music within minutes.  The steel gives a clearer sound than the glass  bottle slides,  but you need both.  Good product.
I did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what I ordered. Perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . This is why I give only 3 stars because is to small for me.
Well i got this after hearing seasick steve its cool i havent figured it out just yet but its a very good product
I have several different slides (glass, brass, steel, short, long, etc.)And this has become my go to for every slide guitar session I play on!I wear it on my ring finger, It fits great, the tone is amazing on acoustic, electric and banjo!Works great for blues, rock, a little stoner country, and even some metal! (the main genres I play in)Harmonics and sustain to spare!I keep it in my pocket at all times now, it goes with me everywhere, And has never failed to lay down some mojo when I bring it out!
This would have been a nice slide if I could get it on my finger.  I'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit.  Save your money unless your under 10 years old.
I love these picks, especially in this gauge. They are a bit thinner than the jazz 3s, so if you master em, you can in theory, play faster ;) They have a good grip, and a nice texture. The tone it gives isn't bad either.
Black Tortex picks with silver lettering.The Jazz picks are about 25% smaller than standard Tortex picks and have a more pronounced point.
Nice picks, much brighter sounding than the jazz 3 nylon picks. I prefer the jazz 3s since thr jazz 3s are warmer sounding and wear resistant. but these pitch blacks are not bad. They do wear down quickly but a dozen should last a good amount of time.  This pick does what jazz picks are suppose to do and in my university's jazz ensemble the three tips are useful and makes playing difficult jazz chord  easy. It will feel awkward at first if you never used jazz picks but once you get the hang of it you'll never go back to standard picks.
I've been a Jazz III fan since 1997 starting with the red (too buttery and rounded sounding) and then moving to the black (durable but a bit tubby sounding). Eventually I tried a 1.0mm Tortex of this pick which had good attack but was somewhat mushy sounding through amp sims.But then I tried this .60mm and holy cow the sound change was like getting new pick ups. More mids, more attack, faster attack, scratchier attack, and less lows. Now you'd think this would make your guitar sound thin, and indeed it sounds thinner but also clearer by a factor of two.Thus when recording through amp sims, you get a clearer more dynamic more attack-ish sound. When using the 1.0mm the fundamental was a bit too strong which made for a mushy amp sim sound, but this .60mm did the trick. It just sounds heavier, tighter, and more articulate. While it does wear faster, for recording purposes it's my current ultimate pick of choice.So if your guitar doesn't sound clear, articulate, or aggressive enough first give this pack of picks a shot. But you don't have to take my word for it... da-nehh-nan!
I like them but I love the Schaller locks more. They don't feel as secure as the Schaller locks. Sorry
This system does not fail. Install it and you never have to worry about it again. Although it's a good idea to lube up bearings every once in a while. I put these on all of my guitars!
Here's what strap locks are supposed to do: securely attach your strap to your guitar. These do that much better than Schallers and the Fender rip-offs of Schaller.I used the Schallers many years ago. They look great, but the problem is they screw onto the strap with a nut. I am very good with maintenance, check for loose parts, etc., but at one gig with my super heavy American deluxe 5 string jazz bass, the nut worked its way off the strap, and I dropped it. It was with a heavy leather strap, and I did tighten it down with pliers upon installation and I'm sure I kept it maintained. Absolutely ridiculous and inexcusable. Never again. Unless you want to inspect and retighten your strap locks at every single rehearsal and gig, forget about Schallers. They're a good company and they make great tuners, I don't fault the materials, it's simply that threaded things can work their way loose, a fatal design flaw for this type of device. Come on, its only purpose is to not allow something to come off of something else.The Dunlop strap locks fit on with a locking ring. It is impossible to remove these from the strap by accident. If you're having trouble getting the lockrings on, I have a YouTube video posted to my channel, NickWeissMusic, just search for Dunlop strap lock installation. It's kind of tough at first but with experience, it's very easy. The package instructions are correct but not very helpful.I have these on more than 10 instruments, and have never had even close to a failure in well over a decade. The package recommends periodically lubricating the mechanism inside the lock, but I have never done so, in my experience lubricants usually gunk things up more than they help for things like this. I've never had so much as a grind or squeak from the button or ball bearings in these strap locks, if I did, I'd probably just replace it. I do give the locks a little tug when I put them on to make sure they're engaged, other than that, you can forget about them, which is the way it should be.The only possible downside is that these strap locks keep the strap a little further from the instrument then using no strap locks or the Schallers do, to which I say, who cares. Well, I guess a lot of people care about that, since I see it in a lot of reviews. If using no strap lock or a poorly designed one is worth it to you, just so you can have your strap a quarter inch closer to your guitar, so be it. I have seen Ernie Ball strap locks that seem to be a little lower profile, I think they use lock rings too. Maybe try those, but I'm sticking with the flawless track record of the Dunlops.
I buy Dunlop locks pedals straps they all are top quality and I love them all. you need a strap strap locks or pedals buy dunlop
Iv'e tried a lot of thumb picks( i use them for bass) you no what that doe's to them,these are the one's i'm staying with these thumb's.
I've been using National medium thumb picks for the last year until my last one broke.  Decided to try the Dunlop.  Overall - I'm very pleased with this pick.Previous reviews have indicated that these picks are smaller than the National mediums.  This is true, but isn't a complete description.  Basically, the National picks are much more elongated - so while the nail to thumb-pad distance is about the same on both, the across nail distance is much greater on the National picks.  I actually find the Dunlop pick to fit much better, and I don't get extra overhang as with the National (which tends to catch the string).
These items, though well made, and strong, are sized rather differently to National picks - With the National, I need a Large, so I ordered Large in this item - it is, however very tight, smaller in fact than a National Medium thumb pick.Essentially a waste of money.
I have a gibson les paul that I bought used. When it arrived the fretboard was in good shape, but very dry. I first tried lemon oil and it would work, but in about a week the fretboard would feel dry and have an ashy color to it (its rosewood). So I started looking for another solution and found the Gerlitz Guitar honey.I ordered it and applied it.  A few hours later I restrung my guitar and started playing and didn't care for the way the fretboard felt. I think it is because the guitar honey is a little thicker than lemon oil and it felt a little slimy because it wasn't completely dry. I decided to give it another 24 hours.The next day the guitar neck looked and played great. It is a darker color than any of my untreated rosewood fretboards and plays like a champ. Bends and slides are smoother than ever.Great product and one that I will continue to use. If you need a quick treatment before a gig or something, I would recommend lemon oil because it dries quickly. But I would use this in every other regular maintenance situation.
As I mentioned in my review about guitar polish (already forgot what kind), I'm not really a guitar polish connoisseur, but this makes my fingerboards feel real good.  It got rid of that scratchy feeling when I bent strings, dissolved the crud, and makes the fretboard look just lovely.  It probably works as a fine hand conditioner too, but who can say.  Again, because I'm rather slack on the guitar maintenance thing, this bottle will also last me years.
I used this on the fretboards of my electrics and acoustics. It was easy to clean and left the wood feeling soft and polished without that slick feeling that other oils do. Highly recommended
I use this on the fretboard of my new Hohner wc03 Parlor and two Epiphone AJ220sce Acoustics. They had mimimal oil/stain from the factory.  Keeps the wood smooth and beautiful for much longer than a few weeks.  I use it every other time I restring my guitars, It is a really good product, I use it on all of my guitars, except my Strat that has a maple neck..
I bought this to use on an older acoustic guitar neck which was a bit faded and after 2 uses, the wood looks great again. I used the honey twice in 2 days and brought back the maple wood to like new condition.This honey works fast and well and will make playing the fingerboard alot easier. I saw this in my local shop for the same price minus shipping after I bought this, but I do not use it much so it should last a long time.
I bought a guitar that had been sitting in a guys closet for the longest time, and the fret board was so dry and colorless. I used this, and the color became rich and less dry. If your fret board is pretty dry, DO NOT remove the oil. Let it sit overnight and then remove it with a towel. Leave it longer depending on how dry the fret board is. I love this because it doesn't leave an oily residue and it doesn't have a smell that stands out. I didn't even notice a smell. I definitely would say this is a must-have.
I requested this for Christmas in 2011 and was pleased to get it. I've used it on at least 7 guitars and it works great. First I used it to treat clean fingerboards that were in good shape and it worked well. It can even make a big improvement to the dry, porous surface of a cheap fretboard, and good rosewood fingerboards love the stuff.Later on I got some used guitars and used cleaned the gunky fingerboards with Guitar Honey (apply it, scrub with toothbrush, wipe with paper towel, repeat) and it did a lot better than I expected at removing the yucky buildup next to the frets.I like to apply it fairly heavily and lay the guitar down with the fingerboard level and facing up, and give it time to soak in. You will notice that some areas soak it more than others. I move it around on the fretboard so it soaks in evenly. Then wipe off the excess with a paper towel and you're ready to go.When I wipe down the strings after playing the first time or two after treating with Guitar Honey, the rag shows dark lines where the Guitar Honey cleaned the strings. I like making my strings last longer!Get some. I don't think you'll regret it.
I have a lot of high end instruments, and I live in New England so proper fretboard care is a must - especially with ebony and other woods that are prone to cracking and drying.This stuff is fantastic - MUCH better than lemon oil, dries a lot cleaner and doesn't leave any oily residue on the board at all. An hour after it's applied it sets up and doesn't get on your hands. I apply it on occasion with the strings on (I use Elixirs) and have never once had a problem.The best few bucks you'll spend on guitar care. 5 Stars.
This stuff is great. Leaves board clean and fast. No residue, no sticky and no oil film. Price is right. If you use any fingerboard treatment, try this one...
Just bought this to see if it would inspire any new sounds for me.  WOW I love it.  The capo works great with no buzzing and holds the strings down well.  I am using it with a Seagull Entourage mini jumbo.  It sounds divine.  It makes chords nice and open and it is a blast to play with on the folk sound of the seagull, a nice mellow relaxed open sound.  Inspires my ears to make music.  Buy it.
This capo is great for adding another level to your guitar playing without retuning your instrument!Highly recommended! Just a nice sound it brings to your playing and has a bunch of great new chord combinations to mess around with!
I play in different tunings and just slapping this on a standard tuned guitar makes for a lot of fun.  That's all I can say.  It makes me creative and I have easily thrown together a dozen instrumental fingerstyle tunes using this.  It's just fun.
This partial capo from Kyser has the same design, construction, and ease of use as Kyser's top-ranked and bestselling 6-string cano. It is definitely recommended. If you choose to go down he partial capo path, though, it's best that you either jam with friends who are familiar with partial capos or buy Randall Wolliams' manual on the partial capo, since its use is not intuitively obvious.
This is a pretty good deal if you look at the price of other capos, and you get free shipping.Yeah, it's not as quick to use as the spring loaded ones, but still not bad; better than an elastic strap type.It is also great for creating your own short cut and drop D capos.  With a sharp razor you could do all sorts of crazy stuff.Do not overtighten the screw because the bottom arm is thin. You can add a pad of some sort, or just take care to not to over-tighten it.I'm the type of person that would glue in a small piece of material if it broke through.  So, far it doesn't look like it will though.
It'll do for setup work, and the price is right. I wouldn't recommend it for live use or for anyone who changes keys every song, its too fiddly to adjust and get firmly set. I also wouldn't recommend it for anyone just starting out. A spring clamp type capo would serve better. This one is probably best for somebody who rarely needs to use it, and just wants one one hand or to keep in the case as a back up.
works like it is suppose to, good quality.I am able to produce my music with the proper sound needed for the song.Thank You Kyser Capos
I bought the capo for the guys at a correctional facility that I work for. It gets abused, so I don't look for it to last long. Would not buy it for my own guitar.
Works great, but it is a little annoying to have to tighten and loosen the screw to use every time.Some responses to comments I've seen in the reviews:--I've had mine for 5 years, used moderately, and the wear on the metal from the bottom of the screw is negligible. Haven't put a pad there or anything.--The manual screw functionality does, I feel, give an added level of control...you can make it very tight to ensure no buzz.--However, range of motion is on the wide side. To get it to properly capo the first fret on my acoustic, I have to put it right on the edge of the 1st string, and screw it down all the way, and it does sometimes leave some buzz.The price is nice though, so I would recommend it as a perfectly fine capo.
I prefer my spring loaded capo, but this one works ok on my guitars. I'm surprised I haven't broken it yet.
Pretty simple tool, did exactly what I needed it to for a decent price. I'd order again if I needed another one!
Nice to use and easy and smooth in putting the guitar strings on place on the guitar - very easy
Jim Dunlop has produced these for more years than I'd like to admit to personal knowledge.  As long as I can remember, I've had one in my case and one on the workbench.  There are dozens of wannabe models, but none are as genuinely authentic as good ol' Jim Dunlop's.  I gotta remember not to get the black ones, though.  I seem to lose them to easily - or maybe they are really that good, and they just get 'borrowed'.
A simple device, yet so useful.  I hate changing strings without one, anymore.  Dunlop provided an inexpensive winder that's durable.
Ok its cheap. You knew that when you bought it. I really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. It was only one and it was red. Broke with first use.
Unique product offering new kind of protection from fingerprints, dust, oxidation, squeaks, or &#34;gummy areas&#34;. 2 or 3 drops on a cotton ball and treat several guitars. This is a thin viscosity lube that shines your woodgrain better than new. I don't like greasy feeling products on my guitars so Dr. Duck 2080 Ax Wax is designed for my needs. I threw  out my Gibson spray. Too oily. Dr.Ducks Wax is worth the extra $3. This bottle will last a lifetime. You could use it on your Johnson if you wack off the finish.
Use very little of this. Rub it on and it then dries like wax then buff it off. It also lubes your strings. Good all around product.
I dunno, cause I'm stingy with stars.  These have a nice sound.  I had an old guitar I bought for cheap at a garage sale for my son (8 at the time) to play on, but never really cared for it.  I finally got it out and started to tune it, but the steel strings broke.  SO I replaced with these.  It's a classic guitar, it shouldn't have had steel strings to begin with.
great sounding strings. you can hear the difference once it is used. i will try to buy another one after i have proven its performance.
I have a Don Pablo Cuban guitar, made in 1969,, for a few months,,, never change the strings,, and sounds great,,, I put this strings,, and wao,,know sounds wonderful,, few guitarist fellows could not believe the sound of the guitar after the string change,, try,, this are the best
Restrung my guitar with no problems. These were my first set of new strings so I dont really know what to fuss about hen comparing strings but these seem to work fine and have a great tone. I can really hear the difference between new and old strings. The strings are nice and smooth, and springy, very easy to press on.
These take a while to break in but the tone is smooth and warm. They made my Cordoba C5 sound like a more expensive guitar. Not overly bright, just a richer tone
Great prce
in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 NYLON clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...Again, like someone else NOTED the OBVIOUS>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is GIGANTIC.This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man
I can't really say anything negative about this set of nylon strings.It sounds really good on my classical guitar. Will buy it again in the future.
I've played guitar for some 35 years and have found D'Addario strings to be of consistently good quality.  They are one of maybe three companies I trust to manufacture a good set of strings no matter what classification of instrument.  Whether classical (nylon), acoustic (brass) or electric (nickel)... their strings produce excellent sound and are durable.Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style.  That comes through reading reviews and quite often, simply testing.  But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like.  They always provide vibrant tonal quality.And no I don't work for D'Addario; just a long-time fan. : )
I am a LONG time user of the big Fender triangular picks.  I play rhythm guitar in a bluegrass here in Columbus, Ga.  I play mainly a Martin HD-28, but also have a Blueridge BR-180 and a Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  I bought a set of these to try them out.While I have nothing negative to say about these picks, I still prefer my big Finder's.  I guess I'm just too used to the big pick.  While I was playing Katy Daley with one of these Tortex picks, I found that my index finger was hitting the strings, on occassion.If you haven't been tainted for the big Fender picks, then try out a set of these.  I guess I could get used to them, but will stick with the big Fenders for now.
These are my favorite picks to play with.  The Dunlop Tortex Picks have such a nice warm sound on acoustic.
I sprayed on all my guitars.  No problem with any chemical reactions.  It polished the body of the glossy guitars up like new.  Now i can see how guitar stores keep them looking so nice.  It must be from a product like this.  They seriously look brand new.  Makes nicks and scratches less noticeable.  If you want a nice looking guitar for the stage or display, this stuff works.
I love the Dunlop Formula 65 polish and cleaner. It works really well, and I like the easy to use pump spray mechanism. I've used other brands in the past, and they had poor spray nozzles. This one works almost like a mist. It does a good job of removing smudges and fingerprints. I spray it directly on the surface of the guitar, and then wipe it off with a flannel cloth. After I'm done the shine looks glassy and great!
It has a pleasant smell to it, not harsh at all. A little goes a long way. My guitar polishes up really nice after wiping it down with the dunlop 65. nothing to complain about.
I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well.  It shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks.  I'm not very diligent in my guitar maintenance, so this bottle should last me for years.
I get a lot of grease on my guitar from lotion, sweat, fingerprints, dust, what have you; I take some of this, spray it on a cloth, give it some elbow grease, and my guitars are shiny as the day it was made. I use it on my acoustic and electric guitars. The bottle lasts pretty long cause the mist is pretty fine. I use two sprays on the cloth for the front side of the guitar and then repeat for the back. It has a fresh lemon scent. I recommend this to everyone, a lot of product for an affordable price.
Very nice polish! I have thirteen guitars and I would like to keep them all looking as great as they were new! Gets very shiny and smooth almost like its new from the guitar shop! Use it on everything!
Friend of mine has been playing/cleaning/modifying guitars for some 30+ years and this is what he recommended I use on my guitar to clean it.  Who am I to argue with him, he's used them all and said this was the best.  Easy to use - a little goes a long way, works very well and shines up nice.  He was right - great product!
The standard for mild, non-oily instrument cleaners. Leaves no residue, easy on old guitars' finishes. I have used it for years.
Item arrived on time and as described.  My son loves this polish/cleaner.  He likes to keep his guitars clean and shiny.  They glisten when he uses this to polish them.  Great product!
Up until a few years ago I had been using the same old brand I'd been buying for 20 years.  Then, I tried this recipe... Dunlop 65.  It is wonderful.  It does everything the product description tells you about.  Excellent cleaner on both wood (painted and natural) and metal.  I use it to clean not only the body, but the tuning heads and bridge on my bass guitar.  No nasty residue build up over time.  It cleans and polishes just like it was designed to do, without streaking and so on.  You'll like this stuff better than anything you've used to date....or at least I think so.  I sure do.
Spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth.  Shines nice and doesn't leave it feeling oily/sticky.  Smells nice and makes your guitar looking new!
This polish works well for what I need it for. I am not a clean freak but I take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there.
I like this cleaner - it's gentle on my guitar finish and it doesn't smell bad either.
My buddy used this for a long time so I thought I'd give it a try. Shines up guitars very nice. I use it every time I change my strings for a little zaz. It does It's job in fantastic fashion, but doesn't last the longest. The shine will fade soon enough, but looks great while it lasts.
Took away my fingerprints and dust off my guitar and polished it to a shine that you couldn't see a reflection in yourself!
This has got to be one of the best polish ive ever used on a guitar?Going to also last for a long time, cause just a small amount goes a long ways.
I have many acoustic guitars and I use this on all of them to keep them looking good. Easy to use, wipe on and wipe off.
This is just an excellent product. I have been using this product on my guitars for over a year now and as long as they keep making it, I will keep using it. You only need a very little bit to polish the entire guitar and you don't need to use it for every polish. Once you put it on initially, you can simply buff your guitar with a dry cloth for the next two or three cleanings and the shine comes right back. There is enough in one bottle to last a very long time.I highly recommend this product and would like to also refer you to the Dunlop 65 lemon oil for cleaning your fretboards. The lemon oil very quickly removes any residue and shines the fretboard up extremely well. When it dries, your fretboard is beautiful and very smooth for all your bending and sliding tricks. 50 stars.
Puts on a good shine for your instrument.  I like the spray bottle applicator.  You can even apply a shine to the fingerboard area underneath the strings.
I love this product! It is very cheap and the spray bottle makes it very efficient for distributing an even ammout of product on your guitar.  You end up using just the right ammount.  Would definately recommend it!
Love this stuff, I have been using it for years and it always does the job well. Cleans polishes and has a pleasant citrus scent. Cleans off grease, fingerprints, old beer and restores that sweet shine.
I've relied on this stuff for years, and it has yet to let me down.  I play my guitars quite frequently, and they tend to collect a fair amount of sweat, etc., during a show. A couple sprays of this product and a quick wipe down with a guitar chamois return my axe to its shiny self, with zero degradation to the finish. I've even used this on matte or light finishes with good results.Tip: a little goes a long way. I play every week, I use this stuff every time I put away a guitar, and it still takes me at least a year or so to finish a bottle.  I figure this stuff costs me about 25 cents per month.  :)
It's cleaned and polished pretty my Taylor guitar pretty well.  I would recommend this.  If not this one, at least buy some kind of cleaner/polish.  Protect your investment.
You can use a standard eye-glass cleaning cloth (about 2 quid) with this instead of buying a micro-fibre cloth (at 5 quid) they both do the same, imo. You could also use eye-glass cleaning solution instead (which I have in the past) but this special solution works better on the wood and laminate surface of guitars - but not on eye-glasses (smiles). This really does shine up your wood quite well. I recommend.
I am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems I was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since I got this strap adjusted I no longer have to hold the neck so I can concentrate on the notes, I like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so I can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play.
There aren't enough uke straps out there for a good price.  This one is great.  I take away one star because the padded part could be a bit smaller, lighter.
I had purchased a different strap for my F-style mandolin and it was adequate but when I learned of this Neotech strap and how adjustable it was I ordered it and tossed my earlier strap.  This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well.  My only complaint is that the button hole doesn't stay on the end pin of my Epiphone mandolin.  I solved that issue though by taking a large triangular pick I wasn't happy with, drilling a hole in the middle and cutting a notch from the edge to the hole and then sliding this over the end-pin of the mandolin and the strap hasn't fallen off since (over 2 months of daily playing!)
This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin.
This is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! I am satisfied.
It's definitely high-tech, but since I don't own a classic-looking or vintage mandolin, I don't really care about looks. My primary concerns are comfort and function, and this product gets five stars on both counts. I really like the fact that you can attach the contact points, and using the click-locks, remove the strap from the instrument while leaving the contact points in place. Also, if you get the strap twisted up while installing it, just undo the click-locks, take out the twist, and reattach it. Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. Five stars!
not your fender quality strap.  this is a cheap, extremely low quality strap.  I've had it for a few months and my guitar has not fallen yet, but I can see the wear on the end it's almost at breaking point.  I would not recommend it. It's ok as an emergency strap or to get you out of a jam, nothing else.
The tweed really grips on your shirt, the quality is perfection and they even give you a little string, if your using it for acoustic which I thought was sweet! Love fender.
Not a flashy strap but great in the studio or on stage when you need to change guitars fast.Light weight allows you to remove quickly.It is pretty comfortable to wear also.
I have three of these straps more my Strats. Very comfortable and durable. I really like the metal link as opposed to the plastic link which hold the strap itself to the the leather button hole. Great product!
I used to buy leather straps but not any more. This strap is very nice and comfortable. It's also the cheapest one I ever bought. Can't go wrong.
Beatiful, amazing strap. Very soft, very confortable, sits perfetcly on fender strap lock, and looks like my G & L Custom Fender Select Case. What else, so?
I have gotten comments on how cool it looks, I'm finding that I prefer a thicker strap, but this strap works perfectly
its cheap//it worx// what more to say?welp...only other thing to say is ashame that itdoesnt have like a thin brass slip washer with oneof those finned lock washers on the adjustment wingnutsand it'd be perfect!!! (nope...i still havent found those lilbrass washers that size in my stash so im on the hunt :Dblow-on bruthas n sistas!Doc P.
This holder, and just about every holder I've ever bought, doesn't hold a harmonica at the right angle for me.  They all need one more joint to adjust the angle. I've had Hohner racks before so I was prepared.  I use harmonica holders for kazoos.  This one has a decent spring and may not require the use of duct tape or wire to hold the kazoo in place.  I may add the wire or tape just for the kazoo aesthetic.  The angle for kazoo use is fine.Obviously not everyone's head and neck are the same as mine.  This holder may work well for harmonica for some people.  If you can, you should try on holders before you buy.
I prefer this design that is fitted to hold the exact size of a diatonic compared to the style that is made to fit any size. Great quality, lasts forever. You won't be dissapointed.
This was the first time I ventured into the world of harp.I figured it out very easy and am pretty sure you will too.Fast shipping, no hassles.Thank you Amazon
I bought this in lieu of the more expensive Lee Oskar rack. I'm not a regular rack player and just wanted something to experiment with. This rack is constructed better than I had really expected. It's easy to adjust. However, I found the fit around my neck and the angle of the harmonica to be a bit awkward. Getting he harmonica unto te spring-loaded holder can be a bit tricky. Still, this is a good deal.
This is an excellent product. I've used one of these before, and don't remember it having lock washers... this does. When you tighten this down, it actually stays tightened.For $10 you cannot go wrong with this. Bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style.
In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. Now, I'm definitely not one of those who automatically dismiss the quality of Chinese made products. I have, in fact, many musical items of surprisingly good quality made there. This item however has some of the good, AND some of the more stereotypical problems of Chinese goods. Pros: Cheap. Sturdy. And unlike some reviewers, I love the taller height. Far far better for you ergonomically not having to stoop and scrunch your neck and windpipe. I also like the tighter springs, though that does take a little getting used to. But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. Now, the Cons: It's true what others have said: the plastic neck tube smells. Not as bad as some have said, but an annoying chemical smell is definitely noticeable. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2" diameter). 2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. Mine was distinctly taller on one side than the other, and the neck loop was WAY off. I did my best to bend all parts to even, but the flat metal part is tough to shape. The reason I didn't return it is that I figure most of them are equally uneven: I just picture a bunch of poor souls slaving away bending these suckers by hand, with little or no machine help to ensure consistency. With the work I did on it myself, it works fine and is now fairly even, and like I said, the taller height is just about right for me. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). All this said, the bottom line is that I prefer using this OVER my German made Hohner holder because it's better ergonomically (taller), holds my harp more securely, and the traditional dual butterfly nut design just works far better and with less effort than the "nouveau" single butterfly nut design of my more expensive German Hohner. Knowing what I know of its drawbacks, I'm still tempted to pick up another as a back-up or spare. It's a great deal if you're willing to do a little work on it.
Overdrive that wont drive you over...love it for the price as usual danelectro delivered I love their products for that reason they sound like a couple hundred bucks and yet....
Works great for the price!! I just started to get into pedals and I thought I'd try something cheap like this, and I was not dissatisfied. Don't mistake this for a distortion pedal for those who are new to all this, although you can get a distorted tone for this pedal, it just boosts the volume with slight raise in gain (For those who do know your shit please don't call me out on that, I don't really know and I'm just helping ones like me in simple terms,lol). It works great for switching to a more abrasive tone for solo'ing or just wanting to get loud in your songs.Definitely would pick this one up for a super cheap &#34;I just wanna try it&#34; pedal.
Great little pedal for a very reasonable cost. This pedal is durable too cause I have owned it for about two years and it has held up great so just because it is a little cheaper does not mean it is not a good pedal. Sounds great too.
This thing sounds great with my tube amps, both with my 2 watt danelectro amp from 1962 with it's 8 inch speaker and my 12 watt excelsior from fender. It has a good range of overdrive levels. It is clearly a vintage style effect that is good for classic rock and dirty lo-fi stuff like The Black Keys, The White Stripes, and garage band like stuff. It is good as a light tone shaper and boost to put a distortion effect into feedback heaven and into total over the top sputtering fuzz. I love mine for the price, and its a good mix up compared to my modded SD-1 and my overdriven tube amps. It's different and just worth having to mess around with. Just be a bit gentle and the thick plastic case and switch will last. Also, the blue LED is very bright. Thats either an annoyance or great. Rock on!
Depending on the amp and guitar you have, this pedal is going to either really be great or be a bummer. It sounds terrific with my fender strat (single coil) Danelectro (lipstick pickups) on my solid state amps, giving them a warm tube like overdrive.It sounds terrible on my tube amp and my vintage silvertone amp, it really sounds aweful with my 1980's Kramer, loaded with humbucker pickups.You'll either love it or hate it! That will decide mostly on the type of guitar and amp you use, it's a different pedal with every combination.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-2 Overdrive effects pedal works great and gives me that soft growl fuzz that works well when playing the blues....  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
This pedal is remarkable for useful tones. The sound may not be for everyone, but i already have a Boogie for the really metal like distortion. I needed something that was different but still usable, and I feel this pedal fills the bill.  The low price tag didn't hurt my feelings either. This is a win-win buying decision as far as I am concerned.
I use this on my mandolin, it is easy to use once you have the trick of it, first this thing has a long end with eyelets on it (that the other reviewers fear will scratch the neck of their instruments), and a short end (designed to prevent said scratches). To use place the capo on your strings with the short end facing you, use your left thumb to hold it in place with the short end dangling just below your thumb, next loop the long end over the back of the neck using your right hand to pull it under the neck and then up toward your thumb, this will trap the short end under the long end and prevent the long ends eyelets from touching your instruments neck, now just rotate your left thumb out of the way so you can buckle the strap in place and you are all set.I prefer this capo over the other 2 I have because it is so tiny, barely  bigger than the first two joints of my pinkie, and yet it does the job it was designed for, its small size means I can toss it in my mandos hardcase storage box and forget about it till I need it.The only downside to this is that the elastic will eventually stretch to where it will no longer work, but then again at 5 bucks you can't have everything.
it's hard to keep the loose end under the holes and since the holes are metal they can scratch the neck of the instrument. otherwise it's a good idea.
Old tech bungee type of capo.  Inexpensive and works well.  You have to remember that banjos don't have a lot of tension on the neck to they really don't require a vice to get the job done.  Works well on Mandolin's too.
Don't know what I expected for such a cheap price, but this product's quality is in line with its price. Also, the fit over my ukulele's fretboard is very tight, making it hard to put on and remove.
I have had this stand for over 2 years and still like it's compact transport capability.  Since I purchased mine, several other musicians have purchased the same stand.  It is well built, and can handle heavy music binders without tipping.  I've used it  at both inside and outside gigs without any problems.
Other than being a little cheaply built it works great. I like the fold up into a small package idea. Room for a stand in the vehicle can be a problem for most of these types of stands. I can put this over the shoulder, carry my guitar and gigbag in one trip.
A little large and not really light, but folds down and the tray folds in a clever way. Fits into the supplied bag with shoulder strap. Very well made, although the bag is a little lower quality. Sturdy enough to hold a big binder, 300 page spiral bound book and not feel at all unstable. Goes up and down and tilts back. No slippage.
This little stand serves so many purposes for me..At home, it is a keyboard stand and even a stand to put my pedalboard on when I want to test out different pedal configurations.At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers..  It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall..As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it..  I plan on using this one day to hold my Ableton Live machine as well as a small 2 octave keyboard and I will use the mic boom arm at that point!  Even as a keyboard stand, I like it because I can put pedals underneath it..  WIth it fully extended to &#34;Long&#34; mode, I can fit both my pedal train pro and mini underneath it..  Of course, that is 54 solid inches of stage front though..  Which is indeed a lot for the small places I fit into with my duo..
This is a reasonably robust stand that easily carries an 88-key keyboard.  The front-back spread on the legs is a little too narrow for stage applications, but having room underneath for pedals is a huge improvement over the more-common 'X' stand.
Can't play any instrument that has wood pegs without having a small bottle of Peg Drops.  Though I don't know why they don't put guitar type turners on violins, cellos and bases
I have a 1918 Chezch Violin and it's sparked my 11 year olds interest. My pegs are in great shape but I figured I'd get this oil to make starting to play the violin easier on him.
I was given a violin (fiddle) by my friend who decided they would never really learn to play.  The violin hadn't been used in quite some time so the pegs were really loose and wouldn't tune at all.  I got this product to see if I could fix the problem.  It worked just as it said it would.  A drop or two on each peg tightened them up enough to be able to tune the violin.Now that it's being played more regularly it's easier to tune, but know that if they pegs get loose again I have the product to fix the problem.
Wow, this works!  At first, I was a little wary about using the liquidThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsleyon the pegs for apprehension from the warnings that came with the product.  Being my own bumbling teacher, there was a fear I could damage the finish on my rather inexpensive instrument.  However, I needed help tuning a couple of balky pegs, so I closed my eyes and blundered ahead (that's just a figure of speech; for I was careful, using the stuff for the first time).  With care, cotton and a small rag (torn off my moth eaten underwear) I went ahead, willing to try anything.  I even removed the strings from the pegs (only one at a time - starting with the inner one first), put the drops on the proper peg locations and restrung the string.  Tuning then became a breeze.  To think I used up a great glob of practice time, not fiddling, but tuning.  Bop! Could'a had a veggie drink!
These drops are not just a convenience. In my opinion they are a neccessity for beginning violinists. If you are reading this wondering if you should consider buying this product to stop your tuning pegs from slipping, or to make them turn smoother and in less dramatic tuning jumps, the answer is yes. Buy this, it does work, and it works very well.Even though the instructions said to put a drop on two different places on each peg, I wanted to go light just in case, so at first I only put 1 drop on each peg. I didn't know what to expect and you can always put more on, but too much could be a bad thing. Also, each instrument is different, each peg is different. I had one very stubborn peg, while the others were just the normal level of obnoxious about slipping. You may only need 1 drop on some pegs and the reccomended 2 drops on the others. I had new strings on, which of course are going to take forever to stretch out and will need constant tuning. I did not remove the strings, I just loosened the pegs a little and pulled them out a tiny bit, one at a time, then put the first drop on the spot where the peg would make contact when put back in (on the tuning head side of the peg, the part you actually turn). I put the 2nd small drop on the dead end of the peg (not the end you turn). Be careful when applying that you don't get more than 1 small drop at a time. This stuff spreads out over time, a tiny drop goes a long way. One bottle should last you a very long time.What to expect: With one drop the effect is immediate. You will notice the pegs turn smoother and hold their position much better. After playing for awhile I decided to put a 2nd drop on each peg (as suggested by the included instruction sheet). This helped them all to stay in place even better than before. The pegs now also turn smoother and easier and I can tune much easier than before, in smaller more accurate adjustments, and the strings actually hold the tuning for much longer than before.Great product. Buy it, use it, and be happy.
This is a very nice guitar, the finish and construction is high quality. The hardware is what you would expect from a Yamaha product. I really can't think of anything negative to say about it. It did not come with a strap button, sO I had to install my own, but that is true with just about every acoustic guitar.
I love this guitar and one can not go wrong with a Yamaha, I currently have 3 acoustical Yamaha Guitars. The FG 700S is a full size dreadnought style steel string guitar. I usually do not like full size guitars as they do not fit in my lap well but this one is perfect for me and I can reach the full length of the neck with no problems. It has a deep tone and good volume. I give 5 stars to this guitar and recommend for the beginner as well as seasoned player.
I purchased this guitar about a year ago and the thing's still kickin, not planning on replacing it anytime soon.Once I got some new strings put on this beauty sounded like a singing angel, action was fine for me out of the box.Most definitely one of the best &#34;bang-for-your-buck&#34; acoustic guitars.
This is the large? I can't see how anything any smaller could be of any use at all. The lines for the strings and frets are very close together.
I'm an amateur musician and songwriter and this has been very helpful for songwriting ideas.  I haven't studied music formally, so I can't recall what a C#7 looks like versus a F#7 so when I discover a chord shape it's easier for me to diagram it than to look it up on the web.  This helps.
No moving parts. No high tech components. The ultimate in low tech. It's a rubber stamp and it works for the intended purpose. I find this size useful but I guess it depends on the individual's needs. Enough said.
I BOUGHT BOTH THIS STAMP FOR GUITAR AND ALSO ONE FROM THE SAME COMPANY FOR MANDOLIN, UKULELE, BANJO.  I'M PLEASED WITH BOTH STAMPS. LARGE ENOUGH TO SEE, USEFUL TO STAMP CHORDS ON MY OWN MUSIC SHEETS AND OTHER MUSIC THAT DOS NOT HAVE GUITAR CHORDS SHOWN.
Works just as I need it to.  Adjusts easily, nice width, comfy enough for me...(I ordered one and had a problem with the pins lining up and had to exchange it for another one.  Sam Ash was very courteous in fixing the problem. )
This is my third bench and seems to be the best of them. Quick to set up / tear down / adjust. The bench is also larger than my others. Very happy for the price. 4 different height adjustments.
Wow A bench that really holds my ass.  what can I say about it You really need it with the keyboard stand. and it was necessary to the group.
Very comfortable bench. It's wider than most, which makes is more comfortable to use. It feels heavy duty, and stays still during use.
This is a very stable, comfortable seat.  The legs are easily removable for storage. Love that it is rated for higher weights so I don't have to worry about it collapsing.
This bench is great for the keyboards and when I just want to sit and play by bass guitar.  Regarding it being too short, you just need to lower you keyboard from a standing height, to sitting. If it is too short, then you must pay attention to the adjustable heights listed in the product description.  I also had no problem with a 'bait n switch' issue.
I've tried many types of chairs, sitting on my computer char, etc. but it was always awkward. This bench, with its thick padding and wide width allows me to practice playing the guitar and move around freely. Honestly, I even sat on the floor for a while, but no matter what I did my legs would hurt. I just wasn't at the right height. This bench is adjustable and I was able to find a height so that I could practice for hours without putting a strain on my legs and back. It was absolutely worth the small investment for me.
I'm in a situation where I have to sit to play due to hip problems, and it has been tough finding the right on stage seat.  For me, a stool is too high, and a folding chair too low, plus I need something that folds in with my other equipment.On it's tallest setting, this gives me the exact height I need. I'm 6', so it might not be high enough for a very tall person.It is also sturdy, I'm very animated when I play, and the support feels solid after several gigs of 2 to 3 hours. The cushioning is nice and thick as well.
Works as advertised for my purpose. It is in front of a computer speaker set (with woofer) for use on a Vizio TV as a sound system.Works fine. I have other Behringer gear and it always works.
Behringer has done it again. The PP400 Ultra-Compact Phono Preamp is exactly what it looks like:It's ultra-compact. It takes up a very negligible amount of space. It will sit comfortably between a turntable and another component.In its compactness, though, it does NOT sacrifice usability. It has no trouble amplifying a turntable's signal to line level. Before buying a preamp, amp could only boost my turntable to a 'easy listening' level. The noise was evident in the signal due to far too much amplification being necessary. With the help of this preamp, my amp no longer acts as a crutch and I can comfortably listen to music without my amp's 'I'm turned up to 11 and struggling' noise.The build quality is far superior than anything else at this price point. It's not cheap plastic like many companies would try to sell, the entire enclosure is fairly thick metal. This makes for a nice interference shield and overall pleasing look. It also features a ground terminal which will hook up to many turntables and amps to further reduce interference.Unfortunately, there is no option to buy it in black. Judging from the accessible screws on the side, though, it would be a small task to take apart the enclosure and paint it myself if I wanted.This preamp also does not have a power switch, but this is not much of an issue. It's one small complaint on an otherwise amazing product.Summary:If you need a preamp, buy this one. It has the same build quality and performance as much more expensive preamps.
I wanted to wait till I got another phono preamp before I wrote this review. I did get this from AmazonTC 754 BLACK Phono Preamplifier SwitchableI really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. The next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. I am using a vintage Garrard turntable. The rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. They are tight but do not make good contact and I need to mess with them. This problem is gone with the new preamp. Overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. If you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. It does sound ok other than being a little bright. It does do what is supposed to do.
I have been using this Pre-amp for a year and it has been great.  After I figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  I have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though I keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand.
I bought this to replace a Behringer UCA202. The Behringer performs very well for my use (guitar in a home studio), but recently it's become way too sensitive to interference; I was getting noise from the nearby cable modem / router / network drives. This noise was making its way to my recordings too :-(For what ended up being less than twice the price of the Behringer I decided to try this unit. Not only is it interference-free, it has a much warmer, intimate sound.It's USB powered, installs automatically in about a minute under Win7 with no issues. I did go to the Lexicon website and get their driver, though, just to be on the safe side.REAPER had new entries for the device in the  audio settings panel (ASIO! :-) ). Everything just works great, first time. I was even able to remove my little mixer from my entire setup thanks to the zero-latency monitoring on the device :-)Great unit. I love the Behringer, but this thing kicks it in the tail.
The hardware works as advertised and is easy to operate.  Make sure you have a good microphone to use with it.  The Cubase software also works well but the user interface and instructions are more complex that you might wish for.  That seems to be a common problem with music recording programs I've seen - heavy reliance on technical jargon that may be unfamiliar to the typical amateur singer/guitarist.  This should come with a good &#34;how-to-use&#34; course that helps the user learn the jargon and common applications.
The Alpha is a great little interface. It accepts 2 inputs with 2 outputs going into your computer. It's powered via the USB. The &#34;mix&#34; knob is a nice feature, allowing you to hear your input more or less prominently within the playback mix without affecting the input to the DAW. I'm using cakewalk's Music Creator 6 Touch so I didn't bother to load the LE software it came with. I like cakewalk's software better anyways (just my preference). Some reviewers have commented on hearing a hiss from the unit while recording. I haven't had a problem with this. It is extremely silent save any noise I would generate anyway from my rig. All in all I feel this is a great product and definitely worth the money.
This a solid performing unit at this price point.  I've been using this alongside my laptop for as long as I remember and it works the same as the day I bought it.  The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use.My only negative criticism would be the plastic feels a little cheap.  But this is still a great USB interface for anyone who absolutely cannot spend any more than $60.
I am using it to record my garage band's demo to get us more gigs. I have been a gigging musician for over 20 years. Had it a few days and with in a half hour after opening it, I had two guitar tracks, a bass track, and drums tracks (from garageband) all laid down. Easy to plug in, I am using it with a MacBookPro and garageband. Very quality recordings so far. Like it so far.Edit- Put down some vocals with a cheap shure mic (pg-48) used fx from garageband and got a nice vocal track, easy to layer over harmonies. Still have yet to mic up a drum kit...Still enjoying the product, still amazed at the ease of use. Did try to install software on a PC with Vista, no luck.Edit - Mic'd up a drum kit into a mixer, lined it out to this interface, I then mixed the drum mics with the mixer. You can record the drums as a single track so once they're recorded you can not mix them individually (ie. snare, kick and so on). I do get very quality recordings with it set up this way. I am sure a recording engineer could give me better ideas on how to get more out of it, but as for now, I am very pleased.
I bought this to work with my 9 year old son. This will do many cool things, although I am not ready to turn him loose with it yet. I have had difficulty finding the autherision code for the included software. I have been using Audacity which is a free download. I would pay the price again in a hartbeat.
I bought this pedal to give my single coils some heat. It does that (my dial is set at 10 o'clock). However, I could see a tone purist really bothered by the the mid range coloration from this pedal. In live/practice situations, at high volumes, it doesn't bother me much. In the studio, I won't use this pedal for that reason. It was the right price for me, right now. If you want transparent boost, you gotta pay more.One more thing... a boost pedal really shines when it's running to a tube amp for that extra something. I don't think pushing the input of a digital amp is a good idea for sound's sake. Just a thought.
Got these as a gift for my 11 year old nephew, he loves them, the only problem is that his friends keep walking off with them.
hard to review picks..but these are as advertised...havent used enough to see if images wear well...or just disappear from use...but they are what they are...enjoy
These are fantastic and unique guitar picks.  I love the hologram effect and the cute babes as well.  It's always nice to have a conversation item and these little ones age great to show off to your guy friends.  Love them, and they're good quality picks too so I will use them.
Nice picks with very tasteful pics of hula girls.  Gave some to my guitar teacher, and thought they were the hoot.  A pick is pick, there's no doubt about that, but a little art work sort gives it a personality.
great picks
This is a great mixer if you are looking to do simple podcasting or solo music production at home. It's a great little unit. The only set back is that you can not use Condenser mics with this, without an external phantom power supply, as there is NO phantom power on this unit. You need to get the 802 model if you need phantom power, otherwise this will work fine with regular XLR or Hi-Z microphones.
This little mixer is handy to have around for small headphone mixes and such, but don't expect it to last forever as is typical with Behringer products. At least it's cheap though!  I just wish it had a power switch...
I used this one time so far w/my fishman stick and it served the purpose just fine. am looking forward to using it in the future
Needed a mixer and figured it was worth the risk to try this inexpensive mixer.  It is limited in what it can do but it does the job.  I'm rapidly becoming a behringer fan.  The three points mentioned in another rating (Inputs should be out the back, needs rubber feet, and the led) are spot on.  I'd also like to see another set of outputs on it as well.  It could also use being a tad bigger, they jammed everything into such a small area the knobs are a little close together.  The LED for the power on this thing is so bright it's obnoxious, it almost blinds you.  Other than that its a great and affordable little mixer that does everything they advertise...
I bought this mixer in order to combine my bass guitar with an mp3 player for silent practice at home. Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out.It works!  There are other solutions to this dilemma.  Pocket-sized headphone amps, and so on.  But they're a) more expensive and b) kind of junky and c) come equipped with built-in effects and amp models which I do not want.  YMMV.)So what's the Behringer XENYX 502 like in this use scenario?1. The blue power light is blinding.  First thing I did was put some masking tape on it so that it didn't prevent me from seeing the knobs on the board.2. Speaking of those knobs, they seem a little rickety.  Be careful jamming this into a gig bag repeatedly.  I worry that the knobs won't stand up to that kind of treatment for long.3.  There's no on/off switch, so you'll wind up pulling the power out of the back of the unit when it's not in use.  Strange for this particular usage scenario.Overall, I think this unit is a great value for the money.
I use it with a small amp for singing.It is just the right size for my amp and it get more then enough control with it well made fast shipping .And the price it right.
I just got this to run my passive pa. Its inexpensive and easy to use. Very portable and does the job it was designed to do.
This has more features than I'll ever likely use. Has worked flawlessly for recording acoustic guitar to my computer. Appears to be well made.
You cannot go wrong with this mixer.  VERY clean sound, very versatile.  Very reliable.  I have been using these on the road and in my home studio without any trouble at all.  Very much Recommended!
For what this does you can't go wrong for the price!  I have a small recording setup and play guitar (and bass) with friends.  This little mixer gets both of those jobs done right.  Sure a more expensive mixer might be able to tweek your vocals or instruments more, but all I needed was a way to mix up to 4 inputs at at time and out put to my speakers and laptop for recording.  It does all of those jobs well. There is no hum when the unit is on.  I have two small grips though..and they are minor...the EQ isn't that great and the volume to the headphones is lower than I like.  Maybe I'm going deaf.
This worked out of the box. I have two XLR misc, one keyboard, and a guitar connected and its very easy to balance the levels. There is no noise or other problem so far.Great for my family.looking to buy more soon.
the Beringer 802 mixer is by far the lowest costing and best performing mixer for the price on the market..  Works fantastic and I am very happy with it..
I bought mine used.  When I got it in, it didn't work.  There was either something wrong with the power cable or the power input in the board.  Behringer uses a custom power supply, so I had no way of testing it.  I had to send it back for a refund.  I read other reviews that have had the same problem, so it seems to be an occasional issue.However, I've used one of these boards before.  The one I used back then was fantastic and everything I needed for small projects.
This device has so many uses whether it comes to mixing audio for a presentation, a gaming video, or playing musical instruments. There are so many controls and this mixer has just enough inputs/outputs/controls for just about anything that I've been using it for. It seems to be very durable as well. It does seem to get hot after a while, but that hasn't affected it's use at all and so far hasn't damaged the device in any way. Behringer is the way to go!
This mixer is just what I've been looking for. The 8 inputs makes it very versatile for different projects. This mixer is a little too much for me (considering that I only record with one XLR track & use the outputs for my UCA202 Interface) but it's good to have these extra inputs just in case I want to stretch my &#34;creativity.&#34; Anyways, this is an amazing mixer for the price! Anyone just getting into making music and recording needs one! Guaranteed amazing'ness!
I have a audio interface that has all the inputs on the back  this was difficult so for the longest time when I had my studio setup I had a mixing board going into the interface. It is always nice to have a channel strip on the line that your capturing because it make the final adjustments fine. This board is great, no sliders which I had to clean. The board has all the same features that were on my 8 channel DOD board that I used for years and it only needs a small space on my desk. The only thing that I am not keen upon is that there is no on/off switch so the unit is unplugged most of the time. It makes the stuff I do in Logic easy. This is a home use unit  great for the price as well as for its quality.
Behringer makes quality products - I purchased the excellent C-1 Condenser Microphone, and replaced the 302usb with the Xenyx 802 mixer board.When I researched items for a simple home recording setup, I saw all of the positive reviews for this smaller mixer, and read the item description here on Amazon and the Behringer website for the C-1 mic included what turned out to be a misleading statement about how it would work with any of the Behringer phantom-powered mixer boards.That was incorrect information - this board receives power only via USB and doesn't provide adequate phantom power for condenser mics (48v).When I setup the return of this board to Amazon, I informed of the error, and the appear to have acted very promptly on it, as the item description for the C-1 on both websites now includes an explicit statement about the need for 48 volts.Although this correction is good, it would be more helpful to customers if Behringer would also correct the description about this board associated with its wording about its phantom power capabilities to state what kinds of mics it will adequately power.I've noticed in other venues (i.e. musician and sound forums) Behringer gets a bad rap. I don't think its due to poor quality equipment, I think its due to frustration about a lack of information provided to customers both before and after the sale. Neither the Behringer website nor the included documentation with the items I bought is adequate for customers like myself who are not sound experts.
EXACTLY what I needed.  Small, compact, functional, and it works!  No off/on power switch though but small consideration when you think about what it can do.  Connect mics, iPods, MP3 players...and control sound and volume, at your fingertips!
I've owned and used this product for some time now and am quite happy with it. I did notice that I had problems with an unpleasant humming introduced one time when using it with powered speakers, but I believe this was more so my fault than that of the unit. I learned that my active speakers did not care for input cables past a certain length. For greater distances, using a wireless transmitter to deliver the mixed sound and its matching wireless receiver connected to the speaker units solved this problem completely. The FX processor works flawlessly just as long as I remember to push down the selector to engage the desired function. Very easy to use. Compact in size. No ability to instantly mute an input device other than to turn down the gain. For the price ... what can you expect?!Soon I will be in the market for an upgrade ... one that has slider controls and the ability to connect to my laptop via usb. I need a few more xlr inputs and at least a 7 band equalizer and compressor/limiter for larger gigs and a fairly large choral group and its accompanying instruments. Just waiting for a good deal.
The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. The packing way below average. As a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. Worked fine.
Running 4 mics, samples and the odd phone call into one device for recording was a bit daunting.  This mixer handles it all perfectly.  I'm literally knew nothing about it when it arrived (first time I'd ever seen a mixer of any kind) in terms of usage but managed to figure it out quickly, get hiss free, nicely panned, beautifully warm sounds that have helped make my podcasting sound wonderful, professional and frankly better than I could have imagined.  I didn't need the 'FX' .. but the the other was out of stock :D I'll get to them one day.I wish it had a power button.
This is one of the quietest mixers I've ever used. The range of adjustability is excellent. 12 channels fill up quickly, but I've mixed 10 at a time and nearly no noise (at least I don't hear any).
I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far.The effects on this mixer have not been very useful to me, since I am running Logic, but if I ever use it live, which I may do, I'd imagine they'd come in handy. The effects are just so-so in terms of sounds: usable, but not that great, in my opinion.
I was actually trying to buy the smaller Xenyx when I bought this one, but I'm so glad I got this model. Unbelievable amount of flexibility built into it. I use with the UCA202 audio interface and the Audio-Technica AT2035 for recording on my PC with Audacity every day since I unpacked it with no problems. Makes a perfect small studio combination!
I am giving this item 5 stars because it is awesome litle mixer, was not expecting much for the price but this little unit (it is very small) as I went from  Mackie 1202 to the Berhinger 1202 (anyone see a similarity here), this is basically the same as the Mackie mixer but slightly smaller, recieved it, hooked it up and it worked perfect, few minor adjustements and sounded as good as the Mackie, perhaps better, plus it took up less space on my desk. Only weird thing about this unit and it has been mentioned before is no ON & OFF switch, why?....problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of Behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. All in all for the price, I should not complain much, will pick up another for my daughters studio as it is that good.
As LC condenser it's definitely a light weight, but for lesse than a $100 bucks it sounds pretty good...Used on acoustic guitar with less than satisfatory results, but got a great sound out of a violin and a fairly decent voice sound.Looking forward to more tests.
This mic is really nice. I have used it on many recordings and it still amazes me that it can sound so great. Works great on voice overs, singers, and rappers.That said, it won't outperform the mics you would encounter in studios today, but with a little tweaking, and the right preamp, this mic can sound great.There was one review that mentioned it isn't for female vocalists. I've only used it on one and it sounded great, not as good as the one I used in studio, but it worked in a pinch for overdubbing with no studio time available.
I am not a studio engineer, nor am I a professional musician.  I record songs in my home as a hobby.  I like to have reasonably nice gear in order to get as good a sound as possible in that setting, so if you're at or around the same level, you know what I'm talking about.  Will this compare to a mic that costs three times as much?  No.  Are you likely to find it in a high-end professional studio?  Eh...probably not.  Is it a pretty sweet deal at this price point?  Hells yes.I've worked my way up in terms of mic quality as my hobby has gotten progressively more serious, and this is the nicest mic I own right now.  The difference in quality between this and even a nice dynamic mic is immediately obvious.  I use it for recording vocals, and my voice (again, not a pro!) is finicky to record, usually sounding pretty muddy.  Even with nicer dynamic mics usually used for vocals (SM57 and 58) this was still the case.  But with this mic, my voice sounds much more clear and open.Admittedly, this is a very subjective evaluation, but then aren't all mic evaluations subjective?  You can go on all day about response range and EQ flatness, but what matters in the end is how the mic sounds in your application.  And to my ears, this mic sounds wonderful.My only real gripe is that the sensitivity pattern doesn't seem to be a super-tight cardioid, because it still picks up some sound coming from behind it.  Perhaps this is how it's supposed to be, but when trying to record both vocals and a loud electric guitar simultaneously, it can be a headache trying to jury-rig an isolation method that works.  I took off a star for this alone, although that may not be fair since I haven't used any other large-diaphragm condensers and therefore have no idea if they're all supposed to behave this way.
use to record my music, works great on vocals and instrument  together or separate. I like the deep tones and wide range of pick up. it grabs everything so you need to be careful of background, get it if you are even thinking, dont forget phantom power is needed !
Really a nice mic. I did a lot of research before purchasing this for my home studio. I record acoustic guitar and vocals through this mic and they sound wonderful. Plenty of low end while still capturing the clear mids and highs. Makes my voice sound fantastic. I read a lot of reviews saying that this mic with the right voice works wonders, and it certainly does for mine.Worth a shot if you're on a budget like me!
This mic is fantastic! I've been singing, writing, and recording for almost 30 years and this mic is pretty much just as good as all of the silly expensive German mics I've used in larger studios over the years. There's a very slight presence peak, but nothing like most of the other Chinese mics. It isn't shrilling or peaky at all. Male tenor vocals and acoustic guitar sound great without any need for EQ whatsoever beyond a hi pass filter for the sub 100hz stuff. This mic is also an excellent candidate for a Michael Joly mod, he calls it one of the 7 audio wonders of the world because it makes no sense that this mic is this good at under $200. Michael mods these mics and you'd be hard pressed to be able to tell the difference between this one and the famous U87 with the German name that starts with an "N". I'm using it totally stock and it's been great. Buy it.
I'm pretty new to using mics and PA systems but have used dynamic mics in the past, recreationally.  This condenser mic is way larger and heavier than a dynamic mic, I was surprised when I took it out of the box.  It is as good looking in person as in the pictures.  Three things for the benefit of other newbs: 1.) I learned that condenser mics are very susceptible to moisture and so you have to purchase a windscreen if you're going to use this for vocals, since moisture from singing into the mic can damage it. 2.) This has a cardioid pickup pattern; you don't sing directly into the end of the mic like a dynamic mic.  This should stand straight up on a mic stand, paying attention to which way the mic is facing since it there will be a lot of attenuation on one side of it. 3.) It requires phantom power.  You need a PA that provides 48V power to use it.When I first used this mic, I tried singing into the end of it and couldn't hear myself very well.  Later in the evening I was standing off to the side and could hear myself so loud that I had to back away about a foot from the mic.  Then I remembered reading about the cardioid pattern and stood it up straight on the mic stand, paying attention to the orientation of the mic.  It was so sensitive that I really had to stay backed up from the mic and it was easy for two or three people to stand around it for vocals.  I have a Rainsong WS1100 acoustic electric guitar I was playing, and was able to turn off my amp completely because this mic picked up the instrument and my vocals so clearly.  Other musicians were impressed by it as well.  I payed just under a $100 for it, which I think is a great value for this product.
I play an amplified upright acoustic bass and an electric upright solid-body bass. I bought this Jim Dunlop MC401 MXR because I have a few bass solos that can't be heard above the other players unless I boost volume, which was hard to do by reaching for the volume knob on my preamp or amp with my hand. This stomp box lets me instantly add a pre-selected amount of volume boost only--no goofy effects, no hum, no extraneous sounds at all. Of course, when the solo is over, another click with my foot drops the boost. This thing sounds completely transparent when it's off, and completely natural when it's on. For my purposes, a boost of five decibels out of the 20 that this device permits seems to be enough. Naturally, you have to have left some head room available in your amp otherwise you won't hear any volume change or you'll get distortion or both, but that should be obvious--it's just like turning your amp up, except with your foot.The MC401 runs on a 9-volt battery, but I also separately ordered the Dunlop ECB003 AC adapter, which is also available at Amazon. I checked the Jim Dunlop website and in its FACs it specifically recommends staying with the same voltage adapter, so I did not order the ECB004, which is an 18-volt model. The ECB003 adapter works perfectly and seems completely silent.The MC401 is compacl, but it's heavily-constructed so it stays put. The stomp switch itself appears to be made of good steel, as is the case itself. Everything is solid as a rock. I don't see how it could be better. Perfect.
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This CAE boost pedal is very sensitive and delivers as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. You will not be dissappointed at all. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
I use this boost in the effects loop so it's after the preamp section of the amplifier.  It gives the boost I need for my leads without effecting my tone whatsoever.  I will always have one of these on my board.  Very well made.
A very good pedal that you miss only when its off. Super transparent and boosts your signal after all the degradation through your cables. To my ears it restores the high end and shimmer and brings back life to the note. Best used after all your pedals right before it goes into your amp.
these picks are nice. They're great for metal, if you like a durable pick. The paint fade away after a while, but don't let that stop you. It leave no residue on your guitar and these have never broken on me. the only reason i would buy more is if i lost some over time.
These picks play about like a regular triangular pick, the rounded ears may be more practical for some players.  They stand out because everyone loves the idea of them.  I would definitely recommend any serious player own one pack of these, and carry one around because they always get a good laugh.
Bought as a stocking stuffer for my brother in law. Gave it to him with an actual replica of the pick. He loved them. Still has some.
I figured I would take 2mins out of servicing the line of ladies that formed after receiving this pic to do a review.  The pics shape and thickness is actually perfect (TWSS) for playing and gripping.  Also the paint seems to be holding after quite a few hours of playing.  I would suggest getting two packs since you will need 1 pick and the other 11 can go to the children you fathered due to this pic.
1 Digital Drumset, 1 Electronic guitar, 1 microphone (non XLR), and a Keyboard.  I got the Brady Bunch Musical here.  This mixer works great. No complaints, just works!  All connections are 1/4" mono.
I have a bunch of instruments (synths, back up recordings, ...) plugged straight into my bass amp for home recording/practice.. Having this one helps reducing the amount of cabling hanging everywhere. It works fine. It is lightweight and feels sturdy.Only drawback: I tried getting straight into it with my musicman active bass, and the preamps saturated in low frequencies. Input has to be kept within a small range.
I have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an EHX digital Memory Man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain.  This does a great job of summing three outputs back into one signal before I go into a reverb pedal and then out to my amp.  Takes a little while to dial in exactly where the knobs should be, and they get very loud at the top end, but I have noticed no issues with sound with each knob at around 4.5/10.  I tested to see if I could tell any difference in noise due to this pedal but found none.
These are amazing little inexpensive mixers. If you need to sum together some signals this can get the job done.We have two of these in our vocal effects rack summing our effects from six feeds (three per mixer) down to two outputs (one per mixer), the mixers feed direct boxes which go back to the front of house console, this lets us have the effects on stage so the performers can control them and send the signal back to the console for adding into the main mix. We have no noise problems at all with these mixers and they really solved a problem for me, I needed tiny flexible mixers I could preset and fit inside the rack out of the way, not only were these extremely inexpensive they work great.Good luck and good music to all
This liitle box works great for my needs. I am using three guitars on stage (When possible/room permitting.)and use this mixer to combine all three into one output to my amp. This way I can leave all three guitars plugged in and not have to take time between songs changing cords and such. It also solves a second problem: since the pick ups on each guitar have a different outputs (Fender single coils, Ibanez acoustic with Fishman piezo and Les Paul Gibson Humbuckers), I now have volume controls that make the overall volumes match. This is perfect for that. Inexpensive unit that is made of brushed aluminum and is quiet and adds a little boost to the signal that I velcro to my small pedal board..I'm glad someone else mentioned the A/C plug on theirs being European standard and not 110 volt US standard. Don't be surprised if it happens to you. I bought one and had the same experience. I got mine from Musicians Friend. They offered to have me return it but I chose to keep it since I had a 12 volt power supply available from an older unit I long since stopped using. No stars deducted since it was not the manufacturers fault that my supplier didn't check their inventory to make sure it was US standard.
I needed a way to boost the input of a wired lapel microphone coming from the preacher directly into my powered speakers.  Works great!
Hey it does its job for a cheap price.  I use it put mh guitar and Harp Mic through the same rig.  It does that.  It is plastic and Im not sure its inputs are the most efficient setup, but again it works.  Which in the end is my concern.
I bought this to make it easier to switch guitars on the job (I often go from an electric to an acoustic or a Gibson humbucker loaded guitar to a single coil Fender). For that one job it works well with no noticeable noise in my VOX VT-30 amp. Other reviewers said that the two level controls only work if are using this pedal for a one in to two out situation (one guitar to two amps). That is definitely correct. In a two in (two guitars to one amp) situation only one level control works which isn't bad if you need to compensate for any volume loss from the pedal. For $25.00 it a pretty useful pedal.A quick word about Behringer stuff. I have several Behringer pedals and other Behringer equipment. I never had a problem with their stuff. Not once. I often read these reviews that complain about the low quality of Behringer stuff and the plastic case on the effects pedals but I have yet to damage one of the pedals and I admit that I am not that careful with my live equipment. This stuff is the best bargain on the market. Are my Behringer Eurolive active P.A. speakers as good as my Mackie SRM450 speakers. No, but the Behringers cost about $250.00 each while my Mackie's cost twice as much. If money is not a problem you should go with the bigger name brands but often at three to four times the cost and with only minor improvements.I am a weekly player and have been for 40 years. I wish this stuff had been around when I first started playing.
This selector is very basic but does the job, if you need an A/B box for simple set ups give this one a try, it works for me and I dont see anything wrong with it, is simple, affordable and functional, what else can you ask for?
Any time a person buys an A/B box their only real expectation is to have it switch quietly, this unit is as quiet as them come.  For the price it can't really be beat.
I'd give this 1 and a half stars if I could. This little Amp is so noisy if you hardly touch/move a cable plugged into it. It is so hard to get full sound in head/earphones with this. I can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. I have to always adjust my cable's connector to get any full sound for a second. I can still use this, but hardly. I really don't like this.
Perfect for remote recoding with up to 4 head sets. Clean amp and plenty of gain at  a great price.
Needed a boost with my headphones while playing Rocksmith.  Item works as advertised, very easy to hook up.  I am using with xbox 360 and auvio wireless headphones (33-283, out of production, but still work great)
I hooked this up to the output of my Mackie mixing desk. I have my powered monitors (via a Y cable) on one output and my headphones on another.I can now play my guitar, write, record, etc through the speakers or the headphones and very quickly switch between them without messing about with cables and whatnot.Because my headphones are closed (DJ type) they cut out a lot of background noise and I previously found myself wondering "are the speakers off?". It was particularly awkward in that the power switches for my speakers is on the back. Not handy!Now I've installed this headphone amp it's definitely become an integral part of my setup, and definitely worth the money. Now I can actually get on with the music :-)Another excellent Behringer purchase. Recommended without hesitation.
The item shipped in time. It is working fine. The sound is very good. The only problem I had is voltage. I live in Europe and I had to buy special adapter which transforms 220 volts to 120.I know A lot of items from USA that work with both voltage 220 and 110, but not this one.Thanks anyway.
I use this in my recording studio to allow musicians their own level of monitoring in their headphones for recording and playback. So far I've had this item for about a week, and it has worked flawlessly, and given the exact results I needed. Musicians love being able to control their own headphones, rather than having the engineer in the control room raise and lower their levels.
Behringer doesn't have the best of reputations, but some of their gear does a great job at the price. This is one of them. This gives me plenty of clean volume to run my headphones. I run a project studio with an Apogee Duet as my interface. I needed this because sometimes I need to monitor something while another person in the room is recording/monitoring a track.My main headphones are Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro, Sennheiser HD 555, Sony MDR-V6, and then I have some others. All of my headphones are comfortably driven by this headphone amp with plenty of gain on tap and I get very good volume, and even at the exact same volume as the input, I find that the sound is improved by using this headphone amp. It's hard to describe, but it just feels a bit fortified and a little bit stronger. I've had a Presonus headphone amp before that cost many times as much as this little Behringer headphone amp and the sound was no better.The volume pots are very smooth and there is no noise that I can hear that is introduced by this amp. Make sure you use a quality sound source because this will faithfully amplify anything that goes in. For instance, if I run a cable from my iMac's built-in headphone output to this amp and turn up the volume, I can hear a little buzz and random digital sounds, but that's not the amp, it's the source. Running the output from my Apogee Duet, the sound is very clean and strong.There are some annoying things about this amp. Obviously the external power supply is annoying, there's no on-off switch, and it's light enough that when everything is plugged in, it doesn't want to stay in place. However, that's nothing that Velcro tape on the desk can't fix, and the rest of the problems are stuff you have to live with when you get something that does so much for less than the price of a decent pair of headphones.
I use this at home on my project studio it works great for headphone sessions. I use it all the time to run an extra set of headphone in to my vocal booth/closet. It's all metal the knobs are great and very smooth to turn. For the money you can't beat it. Its not professional quality but Ive done some professional quality work with it with no problem.
This product works the way it should be. No frills, no BS. Great price at Amazon as usual.
When I first got this it blew up my headphones and didnt work right at all with my desktop speakers or anything.  I am now glad to say that after getting a replacement headphones and desktop speakers that this thing works fantastic.  It is a small design amplifier and does it's job very well.  I now have my good headphones, my noise canceling headphones, and my desktop speakers hooked up to it and they all work fantastic.  No more unplugging and plugging in the desktop speakers and headphones from the back of the computer which was such a hassle everytime.  Now all I gotta do is turn the control knobs and wallah.  I have to say it works very well for the price.  The only thing I don't recommend doing is turning the volume past the 2nd notch for your good headphones because they might damage them like they did mine.  Anyways, I would recommend this if you hate unplugging and plugging stuff in all the time and you want some more bass.
Purchased two of these, one for on stage headphones and one to actually use as a junction box to send the sound elsewhere in the building to other amps/speakers. Works in both environments very well, individual channel volume control is perfect. No hum/hiss from these units at all.
I have been using this little amp very heavily for about a year now and highly recommend it.  The device is extremely compact taking up virtually no space sitting right next to my mixer, it does exactly what I expect & the sound is clean.  Works great - great price - meets my requirements perfectly.
this box is very well made and will last a long time. the controls are very tight and are not loose or sloppy. i like the fact you can daisy chane this device with more of the same. i am very happy with this purchase and i will be buying a few more now that i know they are made with quality and functions perfectly. i would tell my friends to buy this with no problem.
I use this in a small studio so we can use multiple headphones from only one stereo line out.  Individual volumes controls make it perfect.
My title says it all.  I didn't like the AC adaptor.  I did work very well and was strong.  I liked how solid it was.
I have always wanted to link multiple listeners to the same feed and be able to control the level, this is amazing
The Rate goes from barely there to a massively overdriven buzz tone. I'd consider the usable range from 0 to about 9 1/4. The real treat is the Tone switch. It's almost like having two stompboxes in one. The footswitch action is smooth, quiet and nearly effortless. The effect is there, then it's not. There are no audible artifacts as it switches in or out. It's hard to beat this box at any price. If the unthinkable happened I'd buy another one in a heartbeat.
Great sound, works just like a phaser should. I have had it for a couple months and dig the way it sounds. I use it with very little gain for sort of a clean funky guitar effect. Cool pedal, solid construction. Only thing is that it is big!! One other thing, it works better if you put it in front. I found that in the effects loop, it does not work so great.
Great pedal- very lush and usable tones. Think "Lightning Crashes" by the band "Live". Ok, I was going to initially give it 4 stars because of the following reasons:  plastic knobs, foot switch does not 'click', very miniscule volume drop with engagement (actually, I moved the pedal to a different spot in my signal chain and I *think* that resolved the volume issue, but I can't tell-  I guess if it is too close to tell, then it's a non issue !). Then I performed a reality check on myself and looked at the price again.  Metal enclosure.  Works like a charm.  Twenty four tax free bucks and free shipping.  It gets 5 stars because there is nothing even close at this price.
Perfect pedal. Easy to setup easy to use. It sounds great. Durable and strong. Not noisy at all really clean pedal for your board.
I'd bought this thing several years ago-forget where-as an alternative to the Electro-Harmonics Stone Phaser. The EH Stone is great, but a) couldn't afford it 2)the adapter input is proprietary, differnt than was on my Boss pedal board3)wasn't gigging out. So I figured, "What the heck?".I've had fun with it. With a wah and a proper guitar sound, one can easily emulate the Hendrixish-Univibe sound. Remeber, guitar, touch, pickups, signal, etc all play into that factor. Also its a 'Vintage Style', not a mid 80's mosquito tone killing device. Not a huge range here. No swooshing jet sounds. Just good 'ol wobble.I'll agree with the other guy here and say the durability is questionable, and the size of the thing is annoying by comparison to the standard pedal housing. And, it does make some noise in my chain. Lately have been trying different cables, adapters, and batteries.A tinkerer/hobbyist/modder may enjoy getting a sturdy pedal housing box and putting this things guts into it, and, getting a sturdy switch. Paint it all weird and call it a 'boutique pedal'.
This device works.  Here's what it does.  You plug an electric bass into the pedal's instrument input and then you can plug a second standard instrument cable into the pedal's high impedance output jack and then plug that one into a bass amp.  You also can connect it to a low impedance microphone preamp via the 200 Ohm low impedance XLR jack out.  You can use just the high-impedance output or just the XLR output or you can use them both simultaneously.  When the "footswitch" is off it functions transparently with no tonal modification at all just like a direct box.  When the "footswitch" is on an LED light activates and the tonal boost and tube emulation functions are on.  I put "footswitch" in quotes because I use fingers to push it, but leave it on all the time for my personal purpose.  When you insert a plug into the instrument input jack the unit powers on, so if running on battery be sure to unplug the input when not actually using it.Some other functional comments about it.  It runs on 9 volt batteries or a 9-volt power supply. I used batteries for a while but switched to an ac adapter.  Battery life isn't super but satisfactory.  Still if using it a lot, I suggest using an AC adapter.  When the battery starts going it sounds awful, but you could put it into bypass mode to finish the set.  Also when the "footswitch" is off and the LED is not lit, this thing functions as a straight XLR ouput direct box for anything you plug into it.  You could patch the output of an acoustic electric guitar or the output of an electric guitar pedal board to it and use that to feed a mixer for recording direct which is a very handy feature for the home recording hobbyist!  The amp emulation and tone controls are wrong for anything other than electric bass, so just use it as a direct box with the tone/emulation circuit off for anything except bass.The controls are all rotary knobs except the Ground-Lift switch which is a slide switch. The controls left to right, top row to second row are:  DRIVE, TREBLE, BASS, LEVEL, PRESENCE, GROUND LIFT SLIDE SWITCH and BLEND.Taking each control one at a time to understand what they do is important because they are not all logically placed.  The DRIVE knob adjusts the amount of gain similar to cranking the input stage control of the tube preamp and here is where you can get something like the tonal thickness (or edge) of overdriven tube tone.  Basically this part of the circuit injects variable harmonics and some of the more pleasing distortion out there for this purpose.  There is no ACTIVE/PASSIVE pad switch or extra active input jack on this pedal so if you have an active bass then you will not have to turn the drive knob up as much to get the tone you want.  The TREBLE knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of upper frequency tones.  The BASS knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of the lower frequencies.  12 o'clock is flat (or zero db boost or cut) on both the treble and bass knobs. The LEVEL knob is the master volume control and all it does is control the output volume with no tonal coloration.  The PRESENCE knob boosts the upper frequency range harmonic content for more attack in your tone.  The Presence knob isn't a midrange control, but does boost the upper mids.  The GROUND LIFT switch only effects the XLR output jack and it should be left "OFF" unless you hook it up and there is hum.  Then you can turn the Ground Lift "ON" and it might help eliminate the hum issue.  However it is better from a safety standpoint to remedy this by eliminating the electrical ground loop conflict that is causing the hum.  The BLEND knob controls the amount of tube emulation injected into the pedal's output with all the way to the left being none, 12 o'clock being 50% and all the way clockwise being 100%.CONS:  Very little bass gear, or anything else, is "PERFECT" these days.  Behringer gear has more build issues in general across most of their product line because using Chinese parts and labor is how they keep costs down.  Designed in Germany but built in China means you get Chinese components and Chinese build quality while the specs look pretty enticing.  For example at the first battery change the battery clip self-destructed as part of the clip's terminal stayed stuck to the battery having pulled completely out of the clip.  This was a Duracell battery, the standard for pedal batteries.  Went to Radio Shack and got replacement battery clips and fixed it with a new clip by soldering wires from the new clip to the stripped wires cut away from the old clip and taping up the solder joint.  I've never used this as a stompbox because the switch looks like it will break if you lean on it hard.  Construction is all plastic. The casing is very durable but based on previous experience with plastic switches on stomp boxes I know not to use my size 13-D foot on it.  The Treble and Presence knobs on mine will generate hiss and noise when set very high which may not be noticeable at all on a vintage type bass amp with no tweeter but becomes glaring when using a full range amp and cabinet or when using the XLR output for recording or a PA feed.  Basically I set the Treble and Presence to the point where I hear hiss start, then back off until it goes completely away because that is the functional limit.  Hiss is no issue in bypass mode because the preamp is off.  The jacks, other than the XLR, are the plastic box jacks that are soldered direct to the circuit board of the pedal, These type jacks are noted for causing problems, especially after rough use so take it easy with them and they should last a very long time.  This unit lacks any dedicated MIDRANGE knob but the Presence knob does seem to boost upper mids and treble simultaneously.  Some people who use this pedal as a stage-tool use it as a solo or "scoop" switch for slap & tap solos so the presence, bass and treble boost are basically all you need for a solo switch anyway.PROS:  First and foremost the price is almost too good to be true when you consider the price for anything else with similar features, but keep in mind that it has durability issues so be gentle with it and it will last indefinitely.  This isn't a Tech 21 NYC Bass Driver by any means, but works in a similar fashion to one.  I have a Tech 21 Bass Driver Deluxe that I use at gigs.  The Tech 21 sounds better but costs about eight times what the Behringer cost.  I use the Behringer at home and save that wear on my pedal board at home.  If I didn't have the Tech 21 unit I might take this unit to gigs, but it probably will last way longer the way I keep it setup at home all the time.  I especially like this unit when used with small rehearsal/practice type combos.  Many of these smaller combos have passive type tone circuits that basically are at flat when the tone is cranked wide open and this device really makes these little amps sound more serious.  Part of the beauty of an active bass is the tone boost capability you don't get in a passive bass and if you have a passive bass this can make it sound more like an active bass with the treble and bass boost in front of the amp.  It is also useful for boosting a signal in front of a longer cable run to the backline, say anything over about 18 feet.  For recording the XLR direct out is very useful and the XLR direct out can also be used to feed the PA at a gig if your amp doesn't have a XLR direct out.How I use this device:  I have my bass guitar plugged into the input and use the XLR output to connect it to a microphone mixer.  The output from microphone mixer is patched into a Turtle Beach Santa Cruz soundcard in an XP computer. I can then record using the computer's recording software, practice solo or I can play along to recorded music using headphones.  With headphones I can play as loud as I want anytime that I want without disturbing anyone.  Most computer speakers are very inadequate for electric bass, so I recommend headphones instead of your typical desktop computer speakers.  You can buy better computer speakers that are capable, but they will cost about the same or actually more than a decent bass guitar practice combo amp.  Quality headphones cost far less than quality powered computer speakers that are bass guitar capable.Having owned this pedal for about 4 years and knowing what I know about it, I would buy it again.  I would strongly recommend it as a home recording/practice tool but my recommendation as a stage tool is not as strong.  For home use it is fine.  You can use it at gigs but I'd be saving up "gig bones" to buy something more durable with better performance.
I'm primarily a guitarist, but I keep an inexpensive SX bass around for when I'm self-recording and whatnot.  Since it isn't my primary instrument and I don't play bass live (well, not yet), it never made sense to invest in a bass amp.  I bought this to liven up the tone when recording, in the hope of removing some of the sterility of a bass plugged directly into a firewire interface.  It does the job; makes the sound warmer and more amp-like.Honestly, if you've been doing some homework about this thing, you should know what to think of it.  Behringer's build quality can be dubious sometimes, but overall their stuff produces sounds that should satisfy anyone who isn't a picky audiophile.  This box is no exception.  I've never personally played through a SansAmp, but I would hazard a guess that if you KNOW that's what you want, this won't satisfy you.  If you want something LIKE a SansAmp you could do a lot worse than venture the 30-some bucks on this little box.To my ears, it sounds quite good.  Get it if it fills a need for you and you're broke.  Knocked off a star for Behringer's usual build quality, although mine hasn't broken from gentle use yet.
I own numerous Behringer products and have never had an issue with any of them.This item is well worth the money and the sound is awsome, which is what you want.  Who cares if it is plastic.I own a Behringer X V-Amp Guitar Multi Effects Pedal and when I first plugged into it, the quality of the amp models blew me away.To the guy who said he received one with stripped out screws and to not even think about stepping on the pedal... Dude, it sounds like you were sent a returned product that someone messed with.  You should have been bright enough to just return it and ask for a replacement.  Second, these are musical instruments.  You aren't supposed to stomp on them like you are trying to crush them and grind them into the stage... or where ever you play.  The term 'stomp' box isn't supposed to be taken literally.  It simply means you push the pedal button with your foot.  Erego, the word stomp.
What can you say... at less than $30(incl shipping), it's a steal! I was looking for a VERY inexpensive version of the popular Sansamp, and this does it for me.  Decent SVT, flip top or "fat tube" tone, and a nice quiet DI.  I go DI to the house, and the output into my old Seymour Duncan amp/Aguilar GS410 cab. Great tone!! I'm using a 9VDC Class II wall wart (found it in my "spare parts" closet) vs 9V batteries.  With the wall wart, no DI hum = Great! Does eat batteries, so get yourself a power supply. Never use the foot switch; if used at all, I use my finger.  If broken or lost(who would steal it?), I'd buy another in a heart beat!
Does as described and really enhances your tone. Good breadth of tonal variations available. Only negative, and it's not huge, is that it can get a little noisy when the presence is increased beyond half. I was using a bass with two single coils which makes noise more of a challenge to begin with.
very good pedal for the price  I have bought other behringer pedals that work very well will be buying more from them
My 1st Wah. This is going to take some getting used to regarding the switches, knobs, and buttons.  I am working on getting that nice way sound which I've come across somewhat.  It sounds funky when just strumming some simple cords. One thing I would have like would be to have some more detailed instructions about all of the functions it offers.  Behringer has never been very documentation oriented.
I've been playing with this a lot since I got it last week. It really is versatile as well as noiseless. I've mostly used it with the default settings.I haven't had the time to tweak it as much as I'd like but I can say that it is quite easy to get different tones from it. Really impressed with this wah!
Its ok.  It does what it says, but if youre using more than one other pedal you get a loud white noise in the background.
I got this in the mail today and plugged it into my pedal board just prior to the amp. Like the other reviewers on here, I'm sad to report that it's quite 'hissy'. I had hoped that it would not be a hissing type of pedal but it is. I'm using a Line 6 Uber Metal, Boss Metal Zone, Ibanez LA Metal & Boss Compressor/Sustainer with my SKB pedal board. The board itself is not noisy at all with any of the other pedal cranked up BUT when I put the EQ700 in with the others, there's a noticeable hiss though not so much at low volume but when you crank the amp (I'm using a Peavey Special 212 Transtube combo) above 4, you can definitely hear the hiss. Not sure if a noise gate pedal would reduce this but I'm going to give the Danaelectro Fish & Chips (as recommended by another reviewer) a try.I'm waiting on the Behringer Orchestra Chorus pedal to arrive and HOPING it isn't hissy like the EQ700 is.I will say though I do like the tone influence this pedal has. It does a nice job of altering the tone & gives my rig a greater flexibility for sounds.Overall I give this pedal a 3 out of 5 stars.
This little guy does all it needs to do. Once plugged into your board you can litterally ballance yourelf in the monitor without worrying about the sound guy.
If you want an eq pedal right away to tweak guitar/keyboard sounds, this think is GREAT. People are trying to hate on this, but it is fine, I was expecting the worst from the reviews, but still wanted it so I got it anyway. You don't need the adapter they push (the behringer brand 9v), best way to work with this is turn all bands ALL THE WAY DOWN, then just go up with each one till you get the guitar sound you like, then you can turn it off during this test to go back to your "default/normal sound" to hear the difference. It works nicely, and for the price it was a steal. In the future I may get a more expensive one, this seems fine for now.
if you go very high with the boost in frequencies, you will get noise in significant quantities. too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation. Pay the extra money and get something quiet. Others complained about this and they were right. If you want to experiment with equalization, its good and cheap. Some complained about each band boosting others. This is more of a user problem than manufacturing. If you want to isolate a frequency range, boost that range and then cut the ones before and after it and you'll get a narrow range. In this respect, its like an MXR 6 band.
Whatever the name, this pedal is from the Ibanez Tube Screamer camp. The packaging description says it uses the JRC4558 chip and MA150 diodes, and yes, Behringer got the sound right. I'd say this competes well against any of the modded TS pedals. What I love about this pedal is the TONE knob. For the TS pedals in this price range, it's the most useful. You can set it high, and it isn't too icepicky, yet the entire range is useful. This is great if you use the thing as your main overdrive sound.I prefer this pedal for boosting my gain in a hot amp or pedal, or another overdrive. It works well as a lead boost for rock or blues tones. It could also be used to add a touch of breakup for jazz tones.I bought this pedal to "semi-retire" an older Ibanez TS5 soundtank. The switch on that one isn't as good as the Behringer's. The Behringer has a much smoother action to it when turning the pedal on or off. I use mainly solid state Fender amps, and several distortion pedals (including a BOSS Metal Zone). I'd bet this would sound great through any tube amp worth its salt. The only downside is the slight lack of bass. If you routinely run your guitar sound through 12 inch speaker setups (esp. 2x12 and 4x12), or a distorted tone with plenty of bass, this shouldn't be a problem.
I had a BOSS Blues Driver pedal that I really liked, that is until I got this Behringer Tube Overdrive. For blues, you (or at least I) want a gritty, dirty sound, one that implies some of the hurt implicit in blues music. I was happy with the Boss, but I decided to try this B. pedal, and I'm glad I did. I compared them side-by-side, and the Tube Overdrive was much grittier, like a small tube amp pushed just past its clear sounding limit. It's perfect for the sound I want, and I can adjust the amount of distortion to my preference. Some like a LOT of that sound, but I prefer just enough to color the sound and shape it to my desires, leaving the rest to my playing and the dynamics of how I attack the strings.I've now retired the Boss pedal. In a careful comparison, the Boss had a cleaner and slightly more clear sound, which is not really an overdrive, but more of a distortion, but a clear distortion, if that makes any sense. It does add sustain, but it can't compare with the B. pedal's effect, which implies a power barely held in check, just exactly what I was after.
i got this pedal to use it along with a boss metal zone, it adds more bite to the distortion range. i barely used it by it self but definitely for the price we can not beat it. behringer pedals  and joyo pedals as well are the best in the market for quality and low price. thank u guys!!!
I like the sound of this pedal. It gives my ss Fender Princeton chorus a good tubelike sound. I have 2 all tube amps but they are both heavy. I prefer taking the fender ss on smaller gigs. The TO800 gives me the sound I like without breaking the bank. I haven't used batteries in it because I use a 1 spot adapter on all the pedals on my pedalboard. If you'rethinking you want this and are on a tight budget go ahead and pull the trigger. You won't be sorry.
this is a fun pedal and it really seems to work pretty good as far a getting tube like tones. Simple
Sound just like an Ibanez Tube Screamer to me. Many seem to complain about the plastic housing but, I'm fine with it. Seem durable and plastic has proven to be pretty strong in many products so... Sounds great but I also have a Berhinger Ultra Metal that I think kill for a high gain metal sound better than this. Note I use it with a Marshall JMC800 head, a Marshall JMP head and a Crate Blue Voodoo head and these pedal sound excellent. I've got some videos on YT if you search UM300, JMP800 and Blue Voodoo out.
The pedal works as described. The draw back is the battery installation. You have to take the pedal off to access the battery. The other thing is if you forget to unplug the input cord from your guitar the battery drains when not in use. I purchased a power supply to go along with it. The problem with that is the power supply is one more thing to find a plug in for. It's ok for the money and works good. I run it wide open and have the amp gain pretty high also to get the retro sound I am looking for. I mainly use it with a large body &#34;F&#34; hole guitar with a set of very heavy flat wound strings. The lows with vibrate the fillings out of your teeth!
This pedal is based on the famous Ibanez TS-808 pedal. My hat's off to Behringer for doing an excellent job of recreating the classic sound in an affordable package. I don't own the TS-808, but I do own a TS-9, and while the TS-9 does offer a nice gritty overdrive overdrive that has enough bite to bring your tone out in a mix, the TS800 offers a warmth and a sweetness that I've simply fallen in love with. Several of the classic tubescreamer characteristics are audibly present: Slightly rolled off bass and a bit of a mid-range hump, with a tone control that offers useable tone at any setting. I usually max out the level knob and adjust the drive know to taste(which never exceeds 12 o'clock); I've found that this setting gives my tone the most body and depth. I use this pedal primarily with my Jet City JCA20H head just to "pump" it up a little bit. This combination takes me straight into Guns 'n Roses (or that type of 80's/90's-era rock) territory.Used over a clean tone the TS800 offers a very warm, smooth, bluesy overdrive that can either be more of a clean boost or add some grit depending on where you set the drive knob.The pedal is made of plastic, and while it seems solid enough, it's the only area where this pedal really merits any criticism. But considering that Behringer is offering this pedal for [...], it's clear that in order for Behringer to offer such great tone at such a low price, sacrifices in build quality had to be made. That being said, I don't feel concerned at all that this pedal will suddenly break on me; don't be too rough with it and it should last a good while.
I am not a giging muscian or even a serious player.  I play for fun and relaxation.  I have been playing for about 10 years but only in the past 2 years have I taken up the electric gutiar.  I have a very simple amp setup with a Fender Starcaster 15 G as my practice/ backup amp and a Fender Mustang 1 20watt as my main amp.  I love the Mustang, but have always found the Starcaster kinda weak (well duh it is a simple practice amp).  I have 2 very basic Guitars (a Jay Turser M300 Series and an Epi LP Special II).  I normally only use the Mustang but latly have found myself really appreciating the simple clean sound that the Starcaster can give, But it is a one hit wonder.  I am constantly switch amps and is was getting tiresome.  I order this pedal on a whim thinking that it might add a little depth the the starcaster and I might be more inclined to use this amp more.  Boy did I hit a home run with that!  The pedal arrived and I spent an hour playing with it on the starcaster.  The depth and fullness it adds to this little amp is amazing. It truely gives it a tube crunch but yet retains the nice clean sound when the levels are backed off.  Flip the overdrive button on the starcaster and this amp become a distortion MONSTER.  Yea I know I can't imagine what this pedal would do on a &#34;real&#34; amp!  I also found that I'm getting better response with my guitar tone knob too.  THat was always an issue with this small amp- the tone knob made very little difference.  Not anymore.  I can spin the knob and go from clean to dirty and back again.  Yup this is a winner for all you practice amp only people.  Just for S and G's I plugged this into the Mustang (set on Brittish 60's Red) and turned the levels way down.  Amazingly it backed the crunch and distortion way off from this setting (so now I can go clean without having to touch the amp!)  All the reviews have stated how nicely this pedal works on the upper settings but it was great to find out that it can be used effectively to clean up a dirty channel!  I look forward to playing with this some more on both amps.No for the nuts and bolts of the thing.  Yup plastic.  Well I'm very gentle on my gear (this sits on a table next to me and is activated with my hand) so I don't expect issues, but if I was a thrash metal rocker I would probably look elsewhere for durability.  Don't drop it or jump on it and it should last a lifetime.  The switch activation is very positive and easy to manipulate.  No issues there.  The dials are easy to read and turn smoothly.  The LED is a nice level of brightness and does not flicker.  I'm using the AC adaptor so no ideas on battery life or replacement.  THe box is heavy enough to stay in place, but lite enough that I could easily toss it in a gig bag and not worry about it damaging a guitar.  Cable plugs are rugged and seem like they will last a lifetime.  I left the unit plugged in overnight and there was no desernable heat in either the adaptor or the pedal.  after palying for an hour the pedal was still cool to the touch as was the adaptor.My biggest complaint has to do with Amazon itself.  I got this for twenty bucks shipped.  Amazon gave an estimate of 10 days to arrive!!! 10 Days!  Yea it was coming from Vegas to NY but 10 DAYS!!  15 Days later it finally arrived.  15 DAYS!!!!  More than 2 weeks.  Half a Month!! I'm pretty sure UPS SurePost had a guy walk it to NY.  I don't know what the big delay was all about but I was horribly bummed about shipping times.  I ordered a few other items with this (AC adaptor and 5 ft insutment cable to use with this) and they arrived 4 days later.All in all this is a great pedal.  Outstanding for those of us with simple equipment and on a tighter budget.  If you have a simple practice amp and want more out of it, then grab one of these pedals and be prepared for amazment that so much sound can come from a little package.
I was unsatisfied with the tone from either of my two used solid-state amps, so I ordered a VHT Special Six (supposed to be THE best small tube amp for blues harp), I also ordered a Peavey KB2 (solid state keyboard amp).  Then I ordered this pedal and three others (graphic equalizer; MXR carbon copy delay; T-REX reverb)  I figured that I would find a good tone for both blues and other music from something within this combo.  Well everything is being returned except this pedal.  I found that when I plug this pedal into my old 8 watt Peavey Rage, I get better tone and volume than either of the two new amps using them alone or with any combination of the four pedals.  More "tube-like" sound than a top-rated tube amp! AND...if I want a cleaner tone, I can dial it back, or bypass it altogether.  My only complaint is that it does not accept a battery.  You must use a 9V transformer, which is not included.  Oh well, my experience with the other pedals was that a battery does not last long anyway. Yes, it is made of plastic, but if you are reasonably careful, that should not be a problem.  UPDATE: I just found that by plugging into BOTH the high and low jacks (at the same time) on the VHT amp, it now produces "the sound".  I will keep the VHT and use it instead of my Peavey Rage with this pedal.  The sound from either set-up is pretty close, but the VHT requires less fooling around with adjustments, and is more resistant to feedback. I still might keep this pedal though, cause it's easily the next best thing to the VHT Special 6 tube amp.
thank u behringer!  your pedals really kick ass, this one is outstanding, and for the price can not get a better deal, highly recommended.
I got this several years ago, and I was pleasantly surprised by it, really was nice with my acoustic to raise some volume on my soundhole pickup before the direct box. I gave it to some one after I used it for a couple of years.
This pedal does exactly what it says it's supposed to. It boosts the guitars signal. It does it really well, with very little to no noise. The thing I like most is that it is not a "sledge hammer" type pedal or overdrive. The input signal is cleanly boosted. What you put into the input comes out the same only louder. It starts with no change in the signal and allows you to raise up the gain very slowly. It just gives the signal from your guitar a stronger output to whatever you are plugging into (amp, mixer, effects or pedal board). This pedal arrived at my door on a Friday afternoon so I took it to a gig that night without trying it first (something I don't normally do). The first two times I used this pedal were that night (Friday) and the next (Saturday). I thought it worked great for my needs. A few days later I read a review that said this pedal had a noticable hiss. Since I didn't remember hearing any, I got it out at home and plugged it into my amp (I have the same amp at home that I use live). When you activate it with the tone set flat on the pedal and the volume about 12:00, there is a very sight hiss (no noise when bypassed). For me it is a very minor hiss that in live situations with all the normal room noises I never heard at all. This may not be true for all amps and maybe some high gain input amps may handle this signal differently. I know for sure it is a lot quieter than almost any effects pedal I have ever owned and I have box full from 35 years of playing. I am using a Vox VT30 which is a modeling amp with lots of bulit in effects (delays, chorus, flanger, compressors etc.) These days I don't use any additional outboard effects (except a BBA Sonic Stomp that I never turn off) so siganl from my guitar hits my amps input very cleanly. If you use various guitars on gigs, this pedal is very useful. It allows me to quickly match the various guitar output levels and compensate for differences between humbuckers, single coils and piezo pick ups on an acoustic without having to adjust the amp controls. This is a great problem solver for any rig that needs to control the input level to the amp and it does it at a bare bones price.I have owned several Behringer pedals for live work and have some Behringer rack gear in my live audio rack and in my home studio. I gig reguarly once to twice a week faithfully. I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15" powered mains). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. Don't worry about it. They are sturdy enough. (Just watch out if you are changing the battery on a dark stage. The battery goes under the pedal switch and the spring that is under the foot switch will probbaly fall out if you are not careful. (To open the battery compartment/foot switch cover just use a pen or small phillips style jewelers screwdriver and push in the black pins on either side of the pedal.)
Item body is plastic rather than metal. This is to be expected at this price.  I would not call it "sturdy" but at least it's $25 instead of $125, and it works.  Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products).  Nevertheless for what it is... it works reasonably well.Received this item in good time.  There's only one real dislike I have about the item:* The battery access is... goofy.  To access the battery one must take the foot pedal off by "inserting an ink pen into the hinges".  Two hinges, two hands... a tricky process at best.  Not the easiest battery access I've ever seen.  However to be fair, relatively minor issue and not insurmountable.  I became relatively skilled at it in short time.Initially the product didn't work.  All I could hear was static out of the amp and thought I had a defective unit.  But then I noticed the gain was turned up right out of the box.  Turned it down and the sound got much better.  Traced an additional problem to an old unshielded guitar cable; replaced that with a good one and sound smoothed out.This is a sensitive unit, with a wide gain and tone range.  It has excellent Bass and Treble tuners.  It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box.  Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out.  That could be cord issues or box issues.  I'll experiment more later.It does have some hiss that is easily audible in a room environment.  Behringer seems to have a problem with hiss in their products, dunno why.  But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying... it's just there.Bottom line this is a cheap unit at a cheap price.  It does the job and should work fine for most instances where such a device would be needed (such as with passive pickup--non powered acoustic instruments).  I'd recommend it for those who need such a thing simply because of the relative ease of use (foot petal on-off switch) and the relative low cost.It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. : )
like title says. the item does what it's supposed to.  you get the headroom you expect from a 20 dollar item.  I love the ability to have separate control over both inputs.  I've had it for a few months and I'm experiencing some noise on the pots, which I didn't expect.  I thought it would've lasted a little longer. I can open it and clean the pots but again, I expected a little more life out of it.  battery operation would've been nice but like I said, does what it is supposed to, well enough that I've bought 2 of them.
Was a great problem solver for me but almost exactly one year after getting it the volume died. Useless now. I used the "line" input (to tap into an aux feed that got recorded) as it came off a live board. For the price I guess I shouldn't complain too much. Behringer often means trading price for longevity as the QC seems to be very hit and miss. So now time to decide; do I resign myself to replace it every year or get something mo betta?Note: this is a low end, but still "pro audio," piece of a equipment. And while it truley doesn't get super loud, for people who say it barely does anything volume wise I have to wonder if they are using it with home audio equipment? If so, your signal strength going into the unit is likely well below the +4dBu "line level" signal that pro gear offers. Subsequently you are boosting a signal that is much lower to begin with. And as a result are getting poor volume plus the added "bonus" of increased distorion and/or floor noise when you do try and crank it up.Update: well it works some days and not others it seems- so a I keep it around for now as I am having more good days than bad days with it lately. Can't really see a rhyme of reason to it- connections don't seem loose or intermitant or anything like that- I just either have good volume or it craps out??? It is in one permanent location, used exacty the same way every time- so it's never a matter of a different configuration or using it with different gear.
This box is small, but packs a great punch! I don't notice any difference in audio or loss in sound. The two dials for MIC and MON levels are nice and stiff, and feel like they will last.This personal monitor station is much smaller than I thought it would be, which is definitely not a bad thing! The connectors feel nice and the whole thing screams quality (especially for only $20).If you find you just aren't getting enough mic in your headphones, grab this ASAP.
I bought this headphone amp for in the isolation booth of my recording studio. The idea was to give the vocalist/instrumentalist personal control over their own levels, without the engineer having to change any settings manually. The item works GREAT for that, as long as you're not using a powered microphone. If you are using a powered microphone you get a crazy loud buzzing, and interference when the monitor, and microphones are plugged in. Plus, the hum/buzz is so loud you can't hear anything from the microphone. The only way I've gotten rid of the buzz is by running an unbalanced mic cable from the headphone amp to a Direct Box, and then into the board.  I'm told that a Hum eliminator would do the trick, but that's another $40-$100 I really wasn't planning on forking out. I'd rather have the engineer change the levels for the vocalist/instrumentalist than pay an extra $100 at the moment. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone.
Love this amp.  My Drummer is stoked to be able to use this product and has really enhance our music.  Affordable and great quality
This gadget has stereo in for your monitor mix & a passthrough for you mic so you can get the overall mix set then add in your mic to get the "more me" setting. It's simple & easy to use. Works great.
I love my laptop, a Thinkpad T40. It does almost everything I need .. almost. A MONO mic jack, no other inputs. The Behringer U Control gives me STEREO now. The Behringer reputation pulls through once again. I've tried some USB sound cards without success. This product puts my older laptop besides newer ones. Well done Behringer!!!
I do live shows online, and my older Behringer mixer does not have the built in USB port, so these digitizers do a great job for me.  I constantly get comments about how clean and clear my sound is, and while I largely attribute that to the mixer, this digitizer is just as important a link in the chain.  Very simple to use, audio out of the mixer goes into this digitizer, plug the USB cable into my computer, my streaming software sees it, and people hear me.  I am definitely a Behringer fan.
Ok I understand it now - I use Abelton Live 8 and thought this would be and easy, read cheap, interface to record some instruments with. WRONG! I am returning it. It does not work, has no drivers and is not detected on my Mac (my Mac finds everything). Bought the Focusrite unit instead. Got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings. Save your money and time. Buy the Focusrite interface or one of the others. Yes over $100 but you either want feedback, hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance. It also lacks 1/4 plug, one rca input, you need an addapter. Not what I thought I was getting - dumb me.
I'm an audiophile, but I've spent most of my adult life looking for outstanding devices that make exquisite sound available to &#34;the rest of us&#34; at realistic prices. The UCA202 is a must-have DAC for anyone streaming or playing digitized music - whether MP3 or 192KBPS FLAC - via a Mac, PC, or Linux computer (especially laptops with notoriously-noisy audio signal pathways).Run your digitized sound through the UCA202, then through a tube buffer stage (for under $100 if you use a pair of Behringer  MIC100s set at unity gain) and then through competent downstream electronics and speakers for &#34;state-of-the-art&#34; at you-and-me prices. Then tell me what YOU think (grin).Or run a pair of &#34;best buy&#34; Sony MDR-7506 headphones (or Direct Sound EX-29s in noisy environments) directly from the the UCA202. Same deal (Laughter of the Immortals).Rest assured I've voted with my feet. I own a total of five UCA202s that I use in different locations. Folks, this is a STELLAR device at a throw-away price. Bravo, Behringer!
I bought aBehringer 802 Premium 8 Input Preampsback in July and I didn't know that I needed this. So now that I have it, I can finally record to my laptop! Great product!
I own two of these Behringer boxes (they come in two modals) and use them with Sonor/cakewalk and an internal software sound modual (Roland Virtual sound Canvas) to play back midi files with my live two piece band. The sound through the PA (Soundcraft mixer and Mackie active speakers) is loud and very clear, in most cases, no eq needed. I guess it really revolves around your personal needs. For live performance these Behringer boxes are excellent and the price is a steal. I do not use it to record as my home recording is done on a stand alone DAW (Tascam 2488 24 track).If you are a live musician or a DJ using something like Virtual DJ these boxes are a great way to eliminate low level hum from a laptop and give you a dramtically better sound than most internal laptop sound cards.
This is a solid little USB Interface.  There are no frills, and there's no latency.  I have used this for @ 4 years without any problems, and it's very portable.  I run this between my small, 8 channel mixer and my laptop for recording guitar, and it's well worth the price to have one of these around.  Can also be used with tape players to import audio into your computer; I use this for more than just guitar recording.
Got this based on other reviews, especially one who took the time to really expound on it.  I used it for recording a cassette to computer, but I really bought it to use to interface my mixing board with my computer.  Should work just fine.  The seller was fast, getting it to me over 2 weeks ahead of the projected arrival date.If you've used other Behringer equipment, you may or may not be impressed with their quality.  Just remember, that although they may be engineered in Germany, they are made in China.  Enuf said.  This particular unit seems to be built pretty well, but time will tell.
I write and record my own music.  I stink at writing drums.  I don't play drums, I don't really have room for a drumset, and I really don't want to spend the money on a drumset to see if I can figure it out.  This is a great program for non-drumming, one man bands like me.  MIDI drums and the drum sounds from my Yamaha keyboard just wasn't cutting it.  It works with Ableton Live 9 with no problems.  Tons of different grooves.  It sounds like a real drummer on a real drumset.  Very easy to use.
Best straplocks I have ever had! In almost 30 years of guitar playing, I have tried many straplocks: cheap, expensive, nickel, steel, gold... youn name it, I have tried it. These are the best, topping any other by far. More secure than all competitors, never wear out at all, locking system never fails and these always maintain their fantastic looks and for a very long time. I have them in Chrome in every guitar I own. Highly recommended. Cheers!
I purchased these for a Fender Squier Affinity Strat. Be aware that they will NOT fit a Squier without drilling some holes. The stock tuners have one peg - these have two. Despite this, installing them was quite easy. They have a high build quality and work great. I was hesitant to buy locking tuners at first, but now I'm glad I did.
i got two sets of these tunners, my jackson and fender guitars stay way better in tune now, i love them.
If you have never used these tuners before , you are in for a treat! New strings have never been easier to install. Great upgrade for Squier Telecasters!
I ordered these tuners for my Fender Blacktop Stratocaster (MIM). I just received these tuning machines today ... the pegs line up, so they drop right in. Remember ... the E-A-D are that tall capstans and the G-B-E are the shorter capstans ... it all works out. I've also put 5 springs in the block (I like stiff tremelo, bridge flush to surface) and replaced the amplifier knobs with conventional Strat knobs (had to get CTS split-shaft 500K pots for that and replace the solid shaft pots). The amp knobs they use get in the way of the tremelo bar. BUT, back to the tuners ... they just made this guitar perfect with holding tuning. Much easier and faster to change strings.I just ordered another set for my Strat H-S-S ... great guitar but could certainly use these tuners.
This tunners turned my normal cheap Squier, into a perfect Squier. My guitar now stays in tune better than my PRS and Epiphone.
Super easy to install on guitar, they look great and they make changing strings a breeze. In just a few minutes I had restrung and tuned my guitar with no problems at all. The best replacement for Fender tuners, by far.
I have a set of the original locking tuners on a '84ish Strat.  So I decided to try these on a Fender Telecoustic guitar I have that wouldn't stay in tune.  These fixed that problem.  It stays in perfect tune now.
I replaced the original Indiana guitar tuners with the Fender Locking Tuners, and what a difference!!!  I had to drill some holes in my headstock, but that was accomplished by tightening the new tuners on and leaving an indentation from the feet after removing them prior to drilling.  Then it was a simple matter to drill new holes and mount them.  The locking mechanism is great!  It acts like a vice in a woodshop project.  And all I need to do is put on new strings and lock them down, tune them, use the tremolo bar a few times to stretch the strings, retune a couple more times, and they just don't go out of tune anymore, regardless of how many times I bend the strings.  These are highly recommended for anybody who is tired of going out of tune.
These replaced the stock tuners on my Squier Deluxe Stratocaster and were NOT a drop in fit. There are two pegs on the tuners that didn't line up with the holes from my stock tuners in the headstock and required me to drill additional holes. I was somewhat expecting this thou so no starts taken away.These make string changes so easy and I love the ratio of these tuners. Because they are staggered I was able to ditch the string trees as well.
3 long, 3 short. Drop in replacement for both my MIM and MIA strat. Added mass, easier to tune. Good, cheap, easy upgrade.
I put this puppy on in 15 minutes or less. They fit perfect on my American Standard Stratocaster. They work like a charm. If you play guitar and like to keep your strings in tune on your strat. This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster.
Unfortunately, these tuners require drilling to fit my Squier Strat.They look very similar but the two pins are approximately 1/16th of an inch further out from the shaft so I'm going to have to drill new holes in the headstock to use them. Worse, the holes will actually touch the edge of the existing stock holes so, I'm going to have to fill them, first.The quality of the locking tuners looks great!I only wish that they'd show a diagram with the specs written on it so that I could have known that these don't fit my guitar!
These Fender Locking Tuners are the best for Stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change.
I now have these tuners on an American Strat and an American Tele.  They seem a lot smoother than the stock Fender tuners, which honestly, I have no problem with.  These were purchased on a whim.  I don't find changing strings that big of a bother.  These will save you a few minutes.  I guess if you're a gigging musician, they would be of more value for quick string changes to an onstage guitar.  Don't get me wrong.  If you want a set of locking tuners for your American or Mexican Fender guitar, these are excellent.  But I'm not sure that most people would derive enough benefit out of them to warrant replacing a good functioning set of regular tuners.  I like them, I don't love them.
Now all I have to do is install these on my Burswood Strat Copy. I know I'm gonna have to drill holes for the locating pins I may even have to drill the tuner holes also. Look forward to getting those crappy, loose, un-smooth, original hardware tuners off this thing.July 20, 2012:Just installed these Fender locking tuners on my Strat. Didn't have to drill the tuner holes, they were the perfect size. Placed all the tuners in the headstock lined them up with a straight edge and just pressed each tuner very firmly into their hole (with the locking part screwed in tight so as not to damage them) and  very lightly and carefully tapped them with a small rubber mallet to mark my drill points. Then with a small magnifying glass and using a punch I made a center punch mark (just using pressure by hand with the punch since wood is soft) on each indent that the tuner made. Set my drill depth with a piece of tape on the drill and was done in less than 15 minutes.
I had trouble with strings going out of tune too often. Installed these Fender locking tuners, and voila !!!!!Amazing difference !!! Re-stringing is much faster now, and tuning is fast (no long loops around the tuning pegs) ,holds up much longer, rarely need to re-tune now, even after lots of bending and vibrato. ( I love the Ernie Ball Super Slinky 9-42 strings and Fender stainless steel 9-42 strings also).My opinion is every Strat benefits from these tuners, they should be standard on both the MIM's and American Strats.
I have these on several of my guitars and I love them.  Nice and stable, easy to change strings and lock tightly.  Always check the diameter of your peg holes prior to installing. To note these have the two peg placement anchors on them, so if your headstock only has the single hole for the tuning peg, you will have to do some drilling. Really nice upgrade for your standard tuners.
Easy upgrade.  Fit with no problem, direct replacement for the stock tuners.  Make changing strings a whole lot easier.  Glad I did it.
We use these at our church to light up stands for performing music or doing readings during worship.I appreciate the adjustable antennae so that the lights can be directed to specific areas. The light is bright enough to be able to read even if the room is otherwise in darkness. I do wish they had one more LED in the heads, though - with two standard 8-1/2 x 11 pages on the music stand, the outer edges cannot be lit directly (though there is enough bleed over light to see it, it's not as bright as it could be). Just another 20% output would make these 5 stars perfect.Construction-wise, they're slightly fragile - clearly not made for industrial or heavy duty use - but for standard usage, they will hold up just fine and should last for years.We love them - we have 7 or 8 at the church that we use. They're especially wonderful because they're battery operated. With all the cords we already have from microphones, it's wonderful not to have an equal number of extra power cords running a bunch of electric lights. There's an extra environmental cost with using the batteries versus plugging them in, but the handiness, adaptability, and lack of extra cords make it worth it.Definitely recommend these to anyone, and also recommend the manufacturer add another 20% or so lumens.
I am a little disappointed. I could use a brighter light. I forgot how dim LED lights are. I am looking to change if I can find something else.
Works great. I use this thing several times per week in rehearsals and it always does the job. My only critique would be in battery life; maybe a different setup (it uses 3 AAA batteries) would provide longer life. Otherwise it's great-
This clamp on pair of miniature lamps does an excellent job of illuminating music, set lists and notes. The manufacturer claims 12 lumens of light, which is roughly equivalent to a 1 Watt bulb, but the lens and the way the light is diffused make them seem much brighter. Since the design keeps the light somewhat directional they are relatively discreet and will not interfere with others on the stage, in the studio or in the audience.The three batteries will last 28 hours of continuous use according to the spec sheet, and that is in the ballpark of the use time I am getting between battery changes.What I love is the dual heads, each on a gooseneck that is over a foot long. The length gives you a lot of flexibility [no pun intended] for placing the lights exactly where you want them. The goosenecks easily bend and stay in whatever position you bend them to. The clamp is perfect for most stands and has a layer of padding to prevent marring surfaces. The manufacturer claims that this light can be used free standing. Frankly that is a stretch and I would recommend a light designed with a larger base if that is what you are really looking for. This one does work beautifully clamped to music stands, and the illumination will cover both pages of a chart.
The Behringer ACX-450 is a good looking, great sounding amp in a small package, but should be used at low to medium volume.  At higher volumes one has to take care with the equalizer to reduce bass and midrange, and also use the anti-feedback button, to avoid a "muddy" sound from too much (distorted?) bass.  This not an amp to play loudly, but rather for low-to-mid volume accompaniment in a smaller venue.As to the sound effects, it is great with 16 effects covering reverb, chorus, delay/echo and many combinations.  I especially like that you can have all the effects with totally different settings on either channel.  Also nice to have a separate XLR microphone input on channel 2.The CD/MP3 input is good for backgrounds (or maybe drum machine) when playing, or music during breaks, although one needs a cable with RCA plugs to connect it.  Lack of a headphone jack is a drawback, but is balanced by all the good things this little amp offers.Overall, a great sounding and very flexible amp for a low price, if you don't plan to crank it up too much!
I have been using the Behringer ACX450 for six months now.  I was impressed early, and still am very satisfied with the performance.  It is a straight forward 2 channel acoustic amp with some modest effects.  One would have to be filling a large venue to need more than this quality amp can provide.  I'm running preamps from Gibson J45 and a Taylor 114 ce and they both sound amazing and I don't even know what to do with the rest of the gain.  The music from these instruments is clear, bright, deep and the sound is a great reproduction of the instruments themselves.  Behringer's mission statement is to provide quality amplification to musicians at a reasonable price.  I say, "mission accomplished".  Amazon was seamless to work with and with free fast shipping the whole experience has been great. Man, how did we get by before things were so cool and easy.  Push a couple of buttons and magic appears at your doorstep.
Great amp but the instructions are minimal and pretty worthless.  Unless you have a mixer, you can only use one instrument and one microphone with this.  Really puts out the sound though, and I guess that's what you get an amp for!  I used it in a basketball gym and only had to turn the gain up to 2-3 to fill the place.  Very nice effects on both channels.
I am so happy with this amp. I've had it for close to a year now and it sounds amazing. On a couple of occasions, I have plugged in my acoustic, my mic, and my buddies mic, and it still handled the load and sounded good. I'm impressed. I even have a Digitech pedal that I use with my Fender Strat, and it sounds amazing. I highly recommend this amp.
I have difficulty hearing the cheaper units on the market.  This metronome has 2 distinct audible sounds and a flashing light which makes it much easier for me to see and hear the beats.  Works very well.
Very nice metronome with just enough features. In particular I love the name based tempos displayed on the face, many metronomes do not have that feature.  Sits on a standard music stand fine without falling off.
My aunt the music teacher recommended this metronome and we really like it. It's been in heavy use (1+ hours per day) ever since we got it many months ago and I don't think we've even had to replace the batteries yet. It's got a good loud sound and is easy for my kids to adjust. We tried out some free metronome apps but the volume wasn't loud enough and my kids (though very adept at touch screens) found them tricky to adjust. This one is great.
The tuners I have for my guitar/banjo have modes for use as a metronome.  The problem is to use them as a metronome you have to push a small multifunction button to switch to metronome function, then press smaller buttons to set the speed of the metronome.  I find them annoying.This metronome can be set with one hand by simply turning it on and twisting a dial.  The speed is easy to read and setting the loudness of the metronome clicks is easily changed.  And there are two clicks to choose from.  The metronome has a flashing light too.Overall a very useable metronome.5 stars.
The only complaint I have about this is that there's no clip on the back to hang it from so as to keep from knocking it over. This probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. Other than that, it's a very nice machine with a flashing light and two &#34;click&#34; options. Easy to use and quality built.  ~Pegleg~
I expected this to come with a DC adapter. Nowhere is it mentioned there wouldn't be any or I could have ordered one. The product is good, surprisingly loud. The bass is too much for the body and the battery cover sort of rattles (once the battery popped out by itself when I played a low E) but that's no issue. I have only used it with a 9V battery so far and noticed a continuous noise on a high gain. I hope that doesn't happen with an adapter. It's a nice little amp, good for carrying around. If you have long fingers, you can sort of hold it between your outstretched thumb and middle finger along it's height - it's that small! A guitar strap, a backpack and a 5ft cable and you could easily walk around the house playing it. The distortion it gives is good. Not good for palm muting. This is nice for practising Randy Rhoads, The Doors -type of rock where not many effects are used.Also remember the DC adapter has a polarity outer ring + and inner -. Many adapters come with the reverse of this polarity so make sure you check that before plugging in one. It's easy to change the polarity, open the box of the adapter and exchange (needs soldering, obv) the red and the black wire places!
I like the sound of this amp. As has been said in other reviews if you want clean sound it isn't the loudest in the world, but is loud enough for practice. If you want a little distortion, turn the gain up and you can have plenty of volume. I'm using it with a cheapo guitar from the sixties, (a Decca), and I believe it produces the best sound I have ever gotten out of it.
soi f you want to turn Distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie
Sounds ok on its own, not very loud or good quality at any high volume, but then when you plug in some good headphones, AWESOME! Great gain, tone, high volume, sounds awesome, perfect to use as a headphone amplifier with some play and effect. Great sound, awesome deal. Score! :D
I have a small apartment in a small but densely populated apartment complex - space and noise is an issue. As a beginning guitarist, I contemplated a small amp but decided on the Mini Tone Master (because in my apartment, the smaller the better). Also, I had no need for ample volume or a variety of controls being at the level that I am... I just wanted something no-frills that was small, compact with enough quality sound to help me as I practice. The Mini Tone Master delivers well.I was pretty surprised at the range of sounds the little guy can produce (from distortion grungy to a softer bluesy tone). It does not come with a power adapter but we already have on in the apartments and works well with that or with a battery. Battery life is also pretty good. I've had the same battery in there for several months already, playing several times a week and sometimes leaving it on accidentally for a day or two and no signs of battery drain so far.It is a little frustrating sometimes, as another reviewer mentioned, to remove the distortion but with enough fiddling, I found a setting that was acceptable to my ears.While I didn't need volume, this little guy can be loud! No weakness there.I also plugged an acoustic-electric classical guitar into the mini tone master and it also worked surprisingly well.
In the reviews for this item, there seems to be a lot of debate over what the Fender Mini Tone Master is and how we should evaluate it.  Is it a toy, or is it meant to be a serious bedroom amplifier?  Do we review it compared only to other "mini amps", or do other small combos costing under $100 creep into the discussion?  Well, I bought one for myself and the conclusion is this: It isn't the best way to practice guitar quietly at home, but it's also also fun little product at an affordable price that sounds slightly better than you'd expect.APPEARANCE/DURABILITY - Actually, the aesthetics of the Mini Tone Master are one of my favorite things about it.  This is a $40 conversation piece that I wouldn't mind having out on my work desk as a reminder of one of my favorite hobbies.  It just so happens that it's a functioning amplifier you can plug into and practice with also?  The component actually used to make the amplifier are cheap, yet are put together in a convincing way.  Take a step back and you'd swear the hard plastic housing was actually vinyl or leather.  The "grill cloth" over the speakers is a nice facade for the hard plastic facing that protects the speakers.  Actually, while the amp is cheap, it's also fairly durable.  In fact, I just dumped it off my desk reaching over to write this review, and it seems to be working fine.  (Phew!)  It should also be noted that this amp is powered either by a 9V battery or a 9V DC adapter (a BOSS pedal supply adapter will work, for example).  While the battery option is obviously nice for portability, the red "ON" light seemed noticeably dimmer with 9V's, and I can't say how long the battery will last.  If you plan to have it in one place most of the time, the adapter is the preferred way to go.SOUND - The concept of this amp is pretty ridiculous if you think about it - a one watt output with TWIN 2" speakers.  Given that each speaker is smaller than the "tweeter" on a large stereo speaker, you won't be surprised at all to hear that there's virtually no bass in the sound.  It sounds like a poor 10W solid state amp, only shrunk down to a few inches.  At the same time, that's kind of a remarkable feat for a miniature amplifier, and it puts out a fair amount of sound.  I opted for the Mini Tone Master over some other options because it actually has a fair range of tones.  Low Gain/High Volume produces pretty good clean tones, and with humbuckers and the gain turned up, it can get a bit raunchy.  Unfortunately, the tone control either does nothing, or behaves completely irrationally.  I haven't figured out which yet.  I had it at "5" most of the time, but it didn't seem to cut much treble as I turned it up.  Actually, it got the brightest around "7", and then almost became more muffled beyond that.  But again, for a $40 mini amp, my expectations were not that much to begin with.  I do like the four knobs, and the decision to make the power knob the same size as the other knobs was a subtle touch that prevents the cheaper feel of an on-off flat toy switch.I expected the speaker to overdrive/break up if you pushed it too hard, and not in a "tube-like" manner.  That wasn't necessarily the case, but there are other problems.  Something internally rattles after the volume goes above "4", and it's not the speaker being overpowered.  This is a common issue with cheap amps, and I might even pop it open to see what is rattling around.  And the sound quality isn't objectively "good" by any means, but it is good enough to play amplified electric guitar and to hear the basic characteristics of your instrument and playing style.ALTERNATIVES - The primary reason I rated this 4* instead of 5* really isn't any of the issues above (I am happy with the amp), but it's limited usefulness compared to the many alternatives for home/quiet practicing.  My favorite of these, by far, are the Vox Amplugs, which are headphone jacks stylized after different famous amplifiers.  The sound quality those things pump into your headphones is of far greater quality (and volume/fullness) than anything this mini amp could do.  Also, they are offered at $40 or $50, so it's simply a better value.  Another alternative is to plug into a smartphone and practice with software.  While sound quality and volume are often a problem with smartphone apps, the possibilities for effects, modeling, and recording are endless.If you think about recent improvements in small size Bluetooth speakers, you realize that the sound quality on a device of this size could be far better than what the Mini Tone Master offers.  At the same time, those speakers can cost up to $200, and premium sound quality was never the point of this amp.  Your opinion of it will depend on your expectations, but if you don't take it too seriously, it's a cool little device.  And, in my book, anything that allows you to practice more guitar than you would otherwise is nothing to laugh at.
Make sure you read the description of the color you are choosing. Most of them are plastic.I bought the ebony with pearly inlay. They look great, it is, indeed, real ebony with a pearl inlay.The pins are sort of an odd size (not sure if there is a generic pin size...), so they might work, and they might not. They fit one of mine perfectly, and another, not very well. I would assume they fit all Martin guitars well, because my experience with Martin is that their instruments are pretty similarly made in way of parts and quality.Overall, great bridge pins for the price, and they sounds much better than plastic ones!
I purchased this product to replace the pins on my Martin 0-16NY. I believe the ebony pins will be perfom admirably.  Additionally, the pearl inlay lends class to the guitar.
Really a nice upgrade...especially for the price.  They did stick up higher than the plastic pins, but I had read that they would.  At least I know that they fit snug.  Really look good!
Thanks for the prompt and good service. These are a quality product and really enhance my Guitar and I am very happy with them Thanks !!!
When you get it, it looks so simple, so basic that you can't believe that it doesn't come with the mic, but companies got to make their money right? I use it with my Samson CL8 condenser and it is perfect. Works great for podcasting, vocals or anything else you want to record. The adjustment knob is a little tight but whatever, it does its job well.
This is a very nice looking and solid piece of equipment. with a single modification, I was able to fit an array of other condenser microphones in this shockmount. I have never owned a samson microphone but judging by the quality of this product, I would definately consider buying one.
This Sam SP01 can be easily modded for use with the Oktava MK319. I found instructions through a google search. The metal piece on the bottom of the mic holder must be removed. Instead of hammering it out, I used two screwdrivers to pry it out. That leaves a nice hole which is just a little too small to use. Using my dremel tool, I was able to enlarge the hole just a bit. As a guide the piece you remove fits in a small groove. You must file down the sides til the groove is almost not visible. Then your Oktava will fit just fine. This mod is not easily reversible so keep that in mind before starting. I'll post up a picture later.I found the screw-on connector to not be that high quality. It wanted to cross thread as I putting it on my mic stand. So I wouldn't want to be taking it off and putting it back on frequently. That's my only complaint about it.
I ran a few recording tests on my microphone with and without the shock mount. It seems that ambient noise is generally reduced with the shock mount on. It's especially effective when the microphone is on my desk, where my computer tower (which has 7 fans) is directly under it. It's not perfect, but the level of noise reduction really is amazing. On top of all that, it looks nice too. If you are planning to buy a condenser mic for your desk, you should definitely consider getting this, along with a solid stand and a pop filter.
While the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. On the website it mentioned that it accepts the Shure KSM32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the KSM32, look elsewhere.
No problems with this. Fits my Behringer 60 dollar condenser mike just fine.  Like it was made from the same company but it's not.  They must have standard fittings on mikes.
Works with a lot of mics, and, with a little modding, it worked with my MXL V67G; which is all I needed it for.
Does what it says it will do and it does it very well. The connector is a 3/8in female slot so make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect to that. The mic/boom stand I bought and the on desk stand were both 5/8in male so I had to buy 2 cheap adapters (6$ each). I also am having some issues really "locking" in the Audio-Technica condenser mic to the shock mount. So far it stays in, but isn't "super" secure (wobbles just a little if it's moved), but maybe I'm just doing it wrong. Aside from that, though, great product.
I don't think I can say enough good things about the Samson SP01 Shockmount.  Long story short I was trying to get a podcast going from scratch about three months ago.  I did some research and discovered that a shockmount is necessary to keep any noise from anything securing the mic from being picked up by the mic while recording.  A shockmount is an absolute must, especially when looking at using a tabletop mic stand where the table will also be used as a work surface.The build quality is fantastic.  I just recently purchased my THIRD shockmount for an additional mic to be used on the podcast.What I've grown to appreciate so much is that it seems to fit just about any condenser microphone I can get my hands on.  If you are considering buying this for your own condenser mic, make absolutely sure that your mic has threads on the bottom to be screwed into some type of stand or shockmount.  Nearly all do, but some companies like Blue (Snowball, snowflake, etc.) are designed not to be used in conjunction with shock mounts. I have used the MXL 007.USB with this shockmount as well as the AT2020 USB and XLR version.  The MXL fit like a glove, perfect.  The AT2020, once threaded in, seemed just a bit loose, so I added a couple foam bumpers around the base to act as a washer.  It made a tight fit and further insulated it from any sound interference from any movement.In short, I haven't found a better shockmount for condenser mics.  The attachment screws onto any desktop tripod and traditional mic stand.  Fantastic.  Buy two of these!!  :)  Thanks Samson, now just make better mics!
I have this paired with the Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone.  It matches the mic well color-wise and fit. The C-1 fits the mount perfectly. I recommend this mount highly.http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-C-1-Studio-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B000CZ0RLK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1358133926&sr;=8-1&keywords;=Behringer+C-1
This is a good, durable mount. I like the look of it, as well as the light-weight feel. Not much else to be said.
I recently bought an Audio Technica 2020 and was looking for a shockmount for it, I bought the one that Audio Technica makes and I was not satisfied with the quality, so I returned it and came across the Samson SP01. My first thought was that it looked just like the shockmount I have for my Neumann TLM 103. I immediately purchased it after seeing that people were using it with the AT 2020. As soon as it arrived I put my AT 2020 in it and it looked stunning, after I mounted it on my on-desk mic stand I bumped the table a few times to see how it worked. In short it works great, The SP01 isolates the mic extremely well. I also tested the shockmount with my Studio Projects C1 and Rode k2 (both very heavy mics) and it works great. One word of advice it seems that some people are having problems hooking this shockmount to their mic stand ( which I find extremely amusing). Like most shockmounts the Samson SP01 has an adapter that is too small for most US mic stands already in the mount ( the part where the shockmount connects to the mic stand). THIS IS EASY TO REMOVE!! All you have to do is take a coin and unscrew it!! Once you unscrew the adapter the shockmount will connect to your stand.
This is the best shockmount in my opinion (This is the first shock mount I have tried.). I bought it with a desktop mic stand, and used it on my Audio Technica AT2020 and it worked very nicely. It does the perfect job for podcasting, as well as gameplay videos. I would recommend this to anyone.
Not a lot to say, works great as a shockmount!I think the best part might be that it also works with Behringer C-1s. Those are great mics for what they cost, but the clips they come with break easily and replacements are hard to find. That makes this shockmount a great option for people in that boat as well. Hooray!
This didn't exactly fit my MXL V67G condenser mic, so I took out the bottom piece - which took a little work - then I was able to get the bottom screw plug of my mic to fit.  It's solid and works well.
I use this ALL the time.  It's pretty basic but really good for a beginner.  (Not all chords are in here but the &#34;core&#34; chords are).  Worth the price-
This Guitar Tuner is such a great and useful tool. It teaches chords and got me to play my guitar better in less than one day.Thanks, Austin Garcia
Very versatile tuner. It automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away! It also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them. There are other things you can do on this tuner and for the price it is a great buy!
loved this thing, I have since lost it, as happens with little doo-hickeys like this, lol. worked good. pretty precise, meaning you will fight with it to where it is happy. sometimes it felt a little off, but robots know best, right?
Had a guitar for years,, always tune it but never time to practice, it tells you what note is actually being played when your string is out of tune so you can zero in on the correct one better..
I've been swapping back and forth between Evans and Remo for a while, but after really liking the emad kick head I decided to lean more toward Evans just for consistency in my setup.I consulted with an online forum to find which would be the closest 'compatible' drumhead to what I really liked from Remo on the Evans line, and I was led to the G2 series. (from Remo's Emperor series-- both being 2 plies of 7mm free floating film)Honestly, I think I'm going to stick with Evans from now on though!I ordered my pack shortly after the announcement of the 'level 360' sizing, and I wanted to give them a try. My fears of getting some old stock were unfounded and the set that I got was new enough to be L360 sized.I got them on, and the tuning seemed to be pretty easy. I use a drum dial to ballpark me and start my tuning process, but it went smoothly. Not sure if it was the placebo effect, but I seemed to be able to get a little more low range on my floor tom as well-- deeper but just as resonant as an 808 kick.The coating seems to hold up better on the Evans heads as well-- Remo tends to 'flatten out' within a few hours of play, where the Evans not only lasts longer, but has a more finished feel to them.
Recently I was looking for some heads to put on a set of Starion shells that I modified. My original plan was to use a set of Attack heads on both the resonant and the batter side of these shells. That decision was based mostly on price. Not completely though as I have used the Attack heads for resonant heads with very good results. The Attack heads that I bought though are single ply. To me that make them great candidates for resonant heads but I think a two ply head is better for a batter head. I gave the Attacks a shot on both sides but I wasn't completely happy with the sound and felt a two ply head would just be the better way to go.In the past I have used Remo heads for batter heads almost exclusively. I still very much like the Remo Pinstripe heads but decided to give these Evans heads a try just to try something different. I am very happy I did! These Starion shells now have a very nice sound with lots of resonance. The most noticeable difference between these G2's and the Attacks is that the tuning range seems to be much wider. The Attacks had a very narrow tonal range where they resonated. The G2's seem to resonate everywhere! From very loose to moderately tight they have very nice sound and resonance. I have some Moon Gel damping pads installed to cut down on some of the resonance but doing it this way instead of choking the drum offers a much better sound. By adding, removing, or moving the Moon Gel pads around I can control exactly how much resonance the drums have without having to change the heads tune.I should mention that I am still using the single ply Attacks for the resonant side. With the G2's on top and the Attacks on the bottom these shells sound great! Also, on the bass drum I have Attack no ring heads on both sides. I also have a pillow in there for damping and this bass drum sounds just amazing! So, the Attacks have their place but on the batter side I am very impressed with the sound, tuning range, and ease of tuning of these G2's. If you've never tried them, give them a shot, if you have you likely already know what I'm talking about!
These are good heads. I have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. This is a super solid price too.
I bought these to try them out. I have used remo a little then I used to have some Aquarian heads and wanted to try Evans to see how they are. Amazing. I practically beat the crap out of them and the held up. My next acoustic drumset will have Evans on them.
I initially thought that these would be very wimpy sounding. I was wrong. They have a great tone with my metal distortion pedal. I have a Schecter Hellraiser with EMG X Series pickups and they go great with them. They are easier to bend too which is great. I no longer use heavier strings like I use too. These will be my mainstay.
I don't put these on every guitar but on the right guitar they are perfect.  What's the right guitar?  Longer scales- like a strat.  I would not put these on a shorter scale (22") because it would get too flubby.  If you hit the power chords hard you may also want to stear clear-  these require a bit more subtlety in your attack or you will vibrate in and out of tune on the low E when you are pulling off windmills like Townshend.  They do allow super  easy string bends for when I feel lazy or for when my fingers are torn up from playing.  YMMV.
I don't know why more people don't use these: they're amazing. I've used many strings and owned many guitars. These aren't diamonds or gretsch but they're fantastic. I love them on my strats. The last and make playing a breeze. I don't have any tone loss between these and .10's. If I do it's more than made up by the fact that I can play better with lighter strings.
Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as .09-.42.
These strings are beyond amazing. Switching to Ernie Ball strings should be a matter of course when purchasing a new electric guitar, and if you do any blues playing at all, Extra Slinkies are for you. They bend and bend and bend, are easy on the fingers during lengthy solos, and give a great sound whether you're playing gritty or bright. I also play country and punk, and these strings let me get enough twang and beef, respectively, to play those styles as well. The best $5 you will ever spend on a guitar improvement is to put Ernie Ball strings on your guitar.
I've been playing guitar for years and lately I've been wanting some slinkier strings so I can get a little more bend out of them. I thought I'd try these out and I loved them. After playing with these for a week I loved the way that they played and I loved the way they sound. So I ordered 6 more packs of these. The extra slinky strings are fantastic and you definitely won't find a better set of strings for the money.
Weak sounding, and break very easily. I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed.
I just cant get enough sustain out of the high E.for my taste. Tried them on Epi LP and a PRS. I'm no Eric Clapton, and I dont use 4 amp heads nor do I employ 3 guys to work on my guitars, but thats my impression. Just not enough umph...
These are my favorite guitars strings, they last a long time, bend well, hold great sound, and you won't have to tune your guitar every five minutes like some strings.
For the price, I got a little more than expected. The sound is pretty great. The scoop switch gives you a slightly different sound. Other than that your can change amount of distortion. Its cheap, and maybe it doesn't have alot of fancy versatility with the settings and whatnot. But for the price this is one hell of a deal! Quality item.Only complaints are; its so little sometimes just accidentally moving the cable will flip it around or something. But thats expected, and not that big of a deal if you're careful. Now the one issue I really have with this pedal, its cosmetic so its not worth 4-starring this review; but it did get to me. The knobs. They are not the cool chrome ones in these pictures. They are black plastic ones. They look sorta bland and not as cool, but ive noticed no functionality problems with them yet. Still a great product though.
I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish each one of them. This one is my favorite, turn on and go. I think it's better than the Sovereign.
For the dollar its the best and biggest bang for the buck. My daughters love this amp and works perfect. Product is as described.
I brought for someone else. But they said they love it. So I am a happy camper I did it right.
I am both a bass player and a fidelity freak, always fussing over tone settings. This tiny amp packs BIG sound for everything from a harmonica to a keyboard .... and even my bass. The CD input has NO controls but is a very useful feature just the same. Having Behringer mics and a UB802 mixer, I banked on this being a good amp and was NOT disappointed. The 3-band tone controls do an excellent job of shaping sound to fit any instrument. No 15-watt amp will compete with live drums OR outdoor settings.... and do NOT expect 2 instruments to sound perfect together, but for indoor practicing and intimate small crowds, this amp will impress you. Every musician should have one of these around. Money well spent!
This is a nice small amp.  It delivers nice, pure sound at more than loud enough levels for me.  One thing I like about this amp is that it is very simple, not a bunch of complicated settings to worry about.  Another thing, I think it's the nicest looking amp I have and I have about 10 amps now.  It's about the same size as my little Fender Frontman 15 and sits side-by-side with it in my living room.  I use the Fender for electric and the Behringer for the acoustic for practicing.If you're looking for a no frills amp that doesn't cost a lot or take up much room, this is a good one for you.Makes a great little practice amp.  I am totally happy with this one and see no need to add an additional acoustic amp.Mine looks a lot different than the photo, it's more brown and actually looks better.
Hearing ourselves the way we sound to others is of the essence in music. This small, acoustic Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 amplifier gives the musician/singer the needed outside feedback to get things sounding right.No one hears themselves the way they sound to others. This simple reality must be understood and somehow corrected for by anyone recording music. This is why performers in the studio wear headphones while recording and why a small acoustic amplifier is a necessary piece of gear for an acoustic guitar playing, singing song writer. The Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 acoustic amplifier more than does the job.As the owner of eight completely acoustic guitars, I thought a lot for years about trying amplification. I probably never hesitated with ambivalence about any other purchase in my life. Much to my delight, together with a passive, inexpensive hole-mounted pick-up (the Seymour Duncan SA3SC Woody) , an inexpensive Audio- Technica vocal microphone and this Behringer AT108, I can hear a fullness and richness that actually makes good instruments sound even better!At least as importantly, it allows me to hear myself more the way I am heard by others who will not hear me, as I do in part, from the resonations inside my skull.One of the most universal and predictably shocking experiences anyone who records their own voice is struck by is how different it sounds when recorded than it does when they are singing or speaking it. The mechanics of this ubiquitous situation are not difficult to fathom.To hear what those listening hear, you have to arrange things so as to hear the sound coming TO you, not FROM you. That is where an amplifier comes in handy. It aims your own sound back at you so you can hear something a lot closer to what an audience would hear.When we 'hear' ourselves without any external amplification or direct audio feedback, we are 'hearing' a combination of the sounds being processed through our ears as well as those vibrations and sounds that are created by the vibrations in our heads. The people who hear us, only hear us through their ears. The two experiences are not the same.To discover how we really sound to others, we can go about it two ways. First, we can go ahead and record ourselves then listen and be astounded at how different we sound from how we thought we were sounding while recording, or we can put our practice through electronics - either through an external amplifier or through headphones, so that we can hear ourselves more closely to the way we will be heard by others.As an acoustic guitar player, I recently invested in a small, specifically acoustic amplifier, the Behringer Ultracoustic AT108, and have found the results to be simply astounding as I can now, for the first time, practice my songs until they sound the way I would like them to sound to others before recording them.For a small amplifier that successfully replicates, electronically, the deep richness of an old tube acoustic amplifier, this Behringer AT108 provides amply volume for both the instrument and separate input voice, along with a three section equalizer, to provide the self-accompanying guitarist with the sound of what s/he really sound like to others. It can, initially, be a rather shocking experience!Technically, this AT108 is at the low end of the famous Behringer line. Although the company is based in Germany, this box is built in China to their specifications. Solidly built and encased in a brown vinyl wrapping, it sports:- 15 Watts of Power amp output,- An 8" dual-cone full-range loudspeaker with 4 Ohm impedance and a powerrating of 20 Watts,- Inputs for an instrument (1/4" TS mono connector,) a microphone ( BalancedXLR) and for CDs (1/4" TRS stereo connector,)- A headphone output connector ( 1/4" TRS stereo connector, and- Three (Low, Mid and High Range) frequency controllers.The unit measures approximately 13 X 14 X 7 inches, weighs just over 11 pounds and is easily portable. It comes delivered with 13 feet of instrument ready plug-in cabling.Finally, to answer a question I had that caused me to hesitate for years before buying a small acoustic amp, it does NOT make an acoustic guitar sound, in any way, like an electric guitar. The sound is that of a deepened and amplified acoustic. The natural tones are enhanced, not rendered tinny or 'electrified.'It is at home in a room when you are alone practicing or on a stage in a small venue. The 15 amps pack a wallop and it can blast pretty loudly for its petite and easily portable configuration.At a current on line retail of somewhere between $75 - $95, an entire enhanced world of acoustic playing, practicing and listening is now open to me. The Behringer AT108 just might turn out to be one of the smartest investments I have ever made on behalf of my acoustic guitar playing, singing and recording.
I'm now have my music together, great for small space &#34;does it works&#34; limit to one mic, but enogh for me.
It's a nice little amp for practice, it lacks volume and low end for performance.  I have used it for several months with no problems.
I have played, listened to, and used audio amps for over 4 decades, and while I haven't owned every name brand amp on the planet, I do know my way around them well enough to spot a good deal when I see one. This is a nice little practice amp for electrified acoustic guitar, with an input for a mic (XLR - no phantom power) and a CD player or other audio source. It also has a headphone output (1/4 inch). It has three tone controls and separate volume for the guitar and mic inputs.I got this originally for my mother, who used to sing in an Andrews Sisters-type group back in the day. She still loves to sing, and wanted a small amp and mic to practice and do the occasional small jam. She hasn't had the opportunity to do that yet, but I have tested the amp and put it through its paces. I think it will work fine for the kind of thing she has in mind. The lack of reverb or processing for the mic is a bit of a drawback, but considering what I paid for it, I can't complain.Now, this is not a gigging amp, at least not in my opinion (your mileage may vary). It is small, solid state, with an 8 inch speaker, and 15 watts of power (I haven't measured the exact output, so I'm taking Behringer's word on that). I like Behringer, and they can turn out some pretty good gear, within its limits.I like the sound of the amp with my Carvin acoustic guitar with a Fishman preamp. It is an inexpensive practice amp, so I don't expect the same kind of quality I would from a more serious combo amp. The 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. The question is, does this amp provide the sonic quality and flexibility needed to allow serious practice work, composition, or just moderate entertainment value? For me, that answer is a clear "yes."However, this is an inexpensive practice amp, and if you approach it with that attitude, I think you will find it a nice little amp. Don't plan on using it for your next tour with Manhattan Transfer, Seal, or Celine Dion.
I was a bit skeptical about buying this, but after reading the reviews I thought why not. It is actually a good little practice amp. I'm still fiddling with the knobs and changing the sound to suit my mood. It gives me the portability I needed to move about my house. I was using a mixer that's hooked to one of my PCs and using that sound card for sound. That works great, but sometimes I don't want to be tied down to the PC. I use the PC arrangement for recording and the amp for private relaxing guitar playing wherever I want to have it. I recommend this little amp wholeheartedly. Just be mindful that it isn't a $500 Marshall amp, but it does well in a pinch.
It's solid built. Maximized all buttons and hardly heard any noise. Manufacture said it's for practice; to me, it serves the purpose.
The warmth and the richness issue from this thing, just the way I'd hoped. I could not be more pleased with this product. It actually delivers much more sound than I expected.
I bought this pedal years ago, and like most guitarists who buy new gear, I fell victim to CONFIRMATION BIAS regarding the reviews I gave to my musician friends. Upfront, the pedal sounds great. In the store, if you demo this pedal, you'll quickly be able to zero in on whatever distortion you prefer... but over time, you'll get very frustrated with the actual tone of the distortion itself. Turn any of the knobs past 12, and you'll get some undesirable nasal/hissy/tinny frequencies that require compression, noise gating, and EQ to tame. The &#34;Top Boost&#34; does provide what it advertises, but if the pedal itself is already Dimebagged and you engage the Top Boost... it just sounds weird and unmusical.Electro Harmonix is a great pedal manufacturer, but I think they overstepped their bounds with this one. Where is this pedal now in my collection? Sold for cash. After deciding to bite the silver bullet and purchase a BOSS ME-70 Multi-Effects to simplify my gigging setup, I figured as nice as it is to have an Analog Distortion like the Metal Muff, it would never compete with the Digital Distortion onboard the ME-70... boy was I wrong. After getting the ME-70, I did an A/B test and the ME-70 took home the gold easily. This came at no surprise... considering both BOSS and MXR are respected manufacturers when it comes to Distortion sounds.What would I recommend you purchase? That depends. If you're in a metal band, and you're recording an EP, no pedal in my opinion comes close to fully-cranked tube-amp distortion. However, if your amp doesn't have a good distortion channel or capability, then a more conservative (and affordable) BOSS DS-1 for a more musical metal tone. The reality is, most manufacturers have great distortion pedals, so it really depends on your subjective standards for tone... since no two distortions sound the same. Personally, I recommend the MXR Fullbore Metal... the pedal I wish I had bought instead of the Metal Muff. The Noise Gate and Mid Scooper switches are far better pedal accessories than a Top Boost. The Fullbore also has a Mid Frequency shaping knob... which can dramatically shape the overall sound.
I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish them. If you need more control with EQ, This pedal with switchable top boost is the ticket. More versatile than the Sovereign.
Not much to say about a basic bag.  It fits a dreadnaught acoustic 6 string guitar, has good padding, and has a large front pouch for music and small (fairly flat) items like a tuner, winder or spare strings.  Has a carry handle/strap, but no shoulder straps on the back as some others have.  Seems well made.
This product is exactly what they say it is.Good material,decent padding,nice front pocket,zippers function without issue.My acoustic cutaway fits nice and snug.I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great.Definately worth $25.
I've been using this for my 'beater' guitar, and it has done just fine in the back of my car, etc. It isn't bulletproof, but you'd have to pay a lot more for airline level protection anyway. Medium padding and a decent sized zipper pocket, more than I expected for the price.
Hey, it's a fun little toy, but I've seen this thing going in most places for an even $100 which is ridiculous. I was lucky enough to get it on Amazon for $80. Once you get over the novelty of it it will sit on top of your amp to collect dust.  I've made some cool effects and written a many a great riff with this but it's not one of those tools you'll use every song... unless you're so amazing you can make it work every song! Learning how to use it properly and finding the nuances of making it work is half the fun, but once you get it, and you're over it, you wonder why you wasted $100 on something that shouldn't have cost more than $50. It's essentially a 9V battery covered by plastic with a pretty blue light. This was one of those impulse buys that grabbed a hold of me when I had nothing better to use my money on.
The ebow is a crazy concept. It's fun to use and also very challenging. It comes with a book that had many variations on how to use it, which was nice. Comes with a velvet pouch and dvd. It's a little pricey now I assume from supply and demand but if you've got the extra cash and play every day, pick this up. Also, I played in a band and we did Miserlou and the other guitar player played the trumpet part with an ebow. I don't know how he did it or what setting his amp was on, but it sound like there was a TRUMPET in the room. He clearly, was good with an ebow. Goes to show how diverse they are.
If you've seen the youtube videos, then you know what this can do.I especially appreciate that it has the two modes: one for regular sustain and one for a 'feedback' sustain.They can be switched back and forth even while you're sustaining a note.I can't wait to use this with my band - we'll have to cover "With or Without You" for sure now![...]
I wanted to dismiss the critics and try it out for myself. I wanted to like it, but unfortunately, it just isn't my thing. I played it all but 2 weeks until I got bored and stopped. It now sits on my amp collecting dust. I pick it up occasionally, but I always end up putting it back down shortly after. I am sorry, I just can't dig it... :(Edit: So apparently, a lot of people dislike my review and are insulting me in the comments section of this post. Normally, I'd just laugh at these no-lifers, but I am sick of getting constant e-mails from internet tough guys, so I'd like to formally state  that this is not a bad product. It can be fun, but the effects it gives are not worth $100, and its build quality is not worth $100. Like I said in the original post, I became bored of this item roughly two weeks after purchase and this has not changed. The last time I picked it up was to harvest the battery for the blackout  active pickups on my schecter. Its not that I "didn't know how to use it" like one of the morons in the comments section stated, this product requires very little skill to use. Read the manual if you are having trouble, it explains in great detail the techniques you can utilize with this device.Would I recommend it? If you have a hundred bucks to drop, go for it. If not, your money is best spent elsewhere.
These Nandy mics are great entry level mics if you are looking not spend to much cash.  They have a long range and great sound fidelity.  If you are trying to save on your budget these are great, if money is not an option keep on looking.
This microphone works well for our needs. I purchased refurbished so, when I received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. It could be from shipping. I re-attached the item and added a windscreen. Now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore.
This worked well for me from about 25 to 30 feet. Sound was good and it was easy to set up.Good for the price and no regrets.
Bought these for home karaoke and they work great. I also have a weekend DJ business and these work well professionally. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). I'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break.
Pros:-Price point-Good, clean audio quality when working.-Changeable mesh ballsCons:-Limited upper frequency response (&#62;8kHz)-One stopped working after about half an hour of use. It was not dropped or abused in any way.-Requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet.
For the price you can not beat these. They work great and after a year with them they are still working like the day I got them. This is a great buy.
Just a bag for my guitar stand. No big deal, but it sure makes it easier when I have all that stuff to lug around. I love my Hercules guitar stands, but they a don't like to stay put when folded up. This takes care of that problem for a couple of bags. Sturdy material, nice draw string to close it up. Shoulder strap works just fine. Glad I bought it.
I love these carry bags!  They allow me to easily carry multiple guitar stands, music stands, etc, all at once.  Who couldn't use an extra arm or two when moving equipment?  Well made and a fair price, too!
If you have the full folding single stand this works quite well but the ones with the rounded neck that is one piece with no hinge are a bit tight for length.  OK quality but not as good as the stands themselves which are all fantastic.  I don't understand how people can spend thousands or even hundreds on a guitar and then buy an 8 dollar stand only to see their guitar fall over or get damaged at the neck.  If you pay attention to the prices you can really get some great deals on Amazon... untouchable deals ...
Tis makes it a little awkward to carry. Overall though it does the trick with giving me something to store my stand and carry it from show to show.
Sounds like a great concept and they seem well made. I just don't care for them. I know others love them so I guess it's just a personal thing.It took weeks to receive them in the US. Don't be in a rush.
I decided to try these open metal finger picks when I could no longer find ProPicks, which I really like.  ProPick open metal pick users will probably think that these look very familiar.  Compared with the ProPicks these are manufacturer from a heavier, stiffer metal.  They offer the user the advantage over conventional plastic and metal finger picks that you can actually feel the string with the fleshy part of your finger.  I find these (and the ProPicks, for that matter) much more natural than conventional picks.  These actually have some advantages over the old ProPicks: (1) you get three finger picks, rather than two; and (2) because the metal is a heavy gauge, they seem to be less likely to bend during playing and fall off your fingers.  It would be nice to see these packaged in a little plastic container so that they're protected in the guitar case; however, they are so heavy duty that they can probably survive quite well free-ranging around in the case.  Highly recommended for fingerpicking on acoustic guitar and resonator guitar.
Don't know what the delay was but it took forever to get here.  The picks look like they will work although they are a little hard to bend, we will see if it's what I was looking for, thanks!
I play with fingernails and just can't control standard metal banjo-style fingerpicks because I can't feel the strings. I used Alaska picks for years, which are very good. These are better. They give the control of nails, yet the tone and protection of metal - and I can feel the strings! Muting, harmonics, everything...  If you play with nails and want finger picks, these are for you.
this pack rocks they have on off buton the quality feels sturdy and I had it next to shure mics that cost more but sound the same for karaoke vocals. I bough two other sets and 20 ft cables
Made of all metal,looks and feels well made. Sounds clear no hum or buzz comes with a nice case and that a plus.
The 3-pack is a FANTASTIC deal. I've been around mics under $100 for 30 years, and when compared to other mics in the $50-$100 range, they are as good or better! Good lows and clean highs without ANY hiss. Absolutely NO whine or hiss when used with a mic preamp. Don't miss out on this GREAT deal.
Surprised really. For the price I dont think I could have done better. Nice case, come with stand adapters, and make me sound pretty good and I cant really sing. Dropped one a few times and its still working. Good feel/weight. On /off switches on each. I record to DAW and the recordings sound fine. I usually run everything through a BBE so that might be part of why I am pleased with them but I do recocmmend these for mics in this price range.
I love these microphones, I really do. I also believe that it was really cool they threw in the microphone holders and the case is quite nice. The 2 things I did not like was 1, the microphone has to be really close to your mouth to get a good sound out of it, otherwise it does not sound as crisp. 2, although it was nice of them to include the microphone holders, the items they work with are very limited so make sure that they match up with a microphone stand you want to buy or else it won't screw in. It is good to be aware the wire that connects to this microphone is an XLR Female, so buy the correct wire when connecting to an amp/speaker. For the price I really do recommend these, as long as your fine with having to put the microphone centered,and close to your mouth. Overall a great product.
Pros:-Solid build quality-Included flight case, mic clips, and adapters (3/8&#34; female threads to 5/8&#34; male threads)-Clean audio-Great for live sound eventsCons:-Limited upper frequency response--this is to be expected in almost all dynamic mics.
These microphones are great for recording vocals.  They pick up local sounds better than they pick up distance sounds.  They do not have any detectable noise or issues.  Depending on your situation, you may need to have a external pop-filter or windscreen, however, these microphones contain an internal windscreen.
I use these at parties and they work good for the price I paid. I really have no complaints aside from sometimes you really have to get up on it to get a good clear voice in a live band setting. I use a wireless for that now, still for the price, these are hard to beat.
I bought these for supplemental mics for a podcast, verbal audio recordings.  The sound quality is very good from these mics, in fact its hard to distinguish the difference on non-pro mixers from other higher end mics.  They feel good in your hand, nice build quality, and if you put a windscreen on them there is very little pop.  Sensitivity is good, and I'm very pleased by this purchase.  I'd definitely recommend these for any kind of audio recording, they may even be a good option for instrument recording given the lower price tag.  NOTE: once you put the pop screens on, they no longer fit into the carry case.  You have to remove the wind screens or modify the cushioning inside the case.
If you're a professional and you're JOB is music, then you may not think these mics are up to your standards in quality.  However, if you're just doing it as a hobby/side job... or even just want the mics for a PA system, then it's really hard to beat what you get in this deal here.  The deal is fantastic.  I use these for recording music at my home as well as recording my online radio show and they've been perfect for me.
Plugged 'em in to my PA's Yamaha mixer and tried out my effects processor and they sound great! Better than the Nady Starpower mic I also bought from Amazon. These seem like they will last and I plan to buy these as long as they stay the same price.
This item was received well packed and on time.  Provides a great sound for my needs and would recommend it to all my friendks.
I had some band mates that did not seem to respect my Shure SM-58 mics very well so I bought some of these cheap mics to use on them. I was very surprised to find that I like the sound of my voice better through one of these than my old reliable SM-58 (and these Behringer mic's are about 1/10 the price each.No problem with feedback or handling noiseNo problem with electronic induced noiseSounds goodDirt cheapHandy carrying caseWhat's not to like?
I was looking for a financially good deal. The price was so reasonable, I said, "How can something this cheap be that good",..well they were a great investment. I use them all the time and have had people ask me where I purchased such a great sounding cadiod microphone. When I told them the price, they thought I was pulling there leg,..I wasn't. The case is plastic, foam and clips. Three good clips would cost you ten dollars alone, now compare for yourself. I'd buy these again in a heart beat. I just might buy another 3-pack!!
Okay well I lied in subject line, bad singers sound bad whatever mic you put in their hand.  I can say that with authority since I run KJ shows 6 nights a week and have for the last 20+ years, so I know good singers when I hear them.  And they will ask if I have a shure SM58, to which i reply Hell No, you think I'm going to put a 58 in the hands of a careless drunk?  The more you drink the better you sound or so some of my patrons believe.  Some also drop the mic or worse, spike the mic.  I'd rather lose one of these Behringers than a 58.  Or a wireless 58.  Sound wise these are great for their intended purpose.  If you need a sturdy all metal cheap mic, this is the bargain.
I bought them at 45 dollars. Use for small music gigs and DJ/MC uses. They are great for DJ uses or other things where the quality of the voice isn't so important, as long as you can be heard and understood. I recommend for use of: 1. Small music venues (smaller bands), Djing, public speaking, band practices/rehearses, etc.For higher quality microphones at a reasonable price, look at the Audix OM2 when it's around 80 bucks, or Audio Technica products.
Excellent equipment!  For the price I paid, can't beat what I got.  Have used all three and had exactly zero problems with them.  It's been several years now, and this is a name that will move forward in sound equipment.
Order just in time to replace my microphones that were well deserved of retiring. I didn't think  that these mikes would give me the quality sound I needed for the price i paid.
...two weeks in and I can already feel it drying up. Good for peace of mind instead of using a wet sponge humidifier and just keeping the humidity controlled, but it seems it will cost me a fortune if I keep using these.
THis system works great! I have a Taylor 910ce, and two other guitars I use these on - very simple and works great!
I will no longer use other humidifying methods for my BR-243A. There's too much that can go wrong with over or under humidifying a solid wood acoustic guitar. Woods swell and shrink based on moisture vapor and it can also affect the tone quality.The beauty of these is that the gel packs maintain consistent humidity and make any changes gradually.
I live in a dry climate, and I have to add distilled water to my humidifiers almost daily.  Since I can't afford to add a special room to humidify my instruments, the planet waves humidipak is the next best thing.  I get anywhere from 4 to 6 weeks out of a pack.  The time and effort this pack saves me to keep my humidifiers repleted with water is well worth the price. On the refillable humidifiers, you really can't forget more than a day or two to replenish the water.  With the humidpak, you have a lot more security.  Going on a trip?  You won't have to worry about your string instruments if you have these in your case.
This thing is awesome!  I hate refilling humidifiers, and this thing is just leave it and forget it.It has a pack that hangs over the strings and in to the soundhole of the guitar, and one that restsin the case up by the headstock.I've been playing for about 15 years, and have always used a humidifier.  This works just as good as anything else.Keeps my case at a nice 60-70% humidity.I would recommend a nice Hygrometer to keep in the case too.  Just to make sure you have the proper humidity level.UPDATE 7/17/2013So being the lazy guy that I am, I never changed the packs out during the end of winter when they were getting a little hard.Well I noticed over the past couple of weeks that they were absorbing water!These really are a humidity system, rather than just a humidifier!They are almost completely back to their normal state, being very gel-like feeling.So, I am convinced that they work now.
This is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by Taylor guitars.
They say 2-4 months, I've never come close to even a month. Usually 3 weeks and they are toast in a guitar case not opened more than twice in that 3 weeks.  If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.  I don't recommend these.
I bought this for my new 12 string Guild acoustic. I use Oasis humidifier for my other acoustics and am satisfied with them. The reason I tried this one is because it's necessary to spread the strings quite a bit to get the tube in between them. And with 12 strings, it really put a lot of tension on them. Another difference is there is nothing to do with the Planet Waves. You slip the included packs (2) into the saddlebag type pouch and slide them between the strings. They should last 3-4 months & you don't do anything else. Also comes with a 3rd one for the headstock. With others you have to add water and remeber to check it so they don't dry out. I also used a Dampit but because it hangs from a cord, it sometimes gets caught on the wiring on an acoustic-electric! I may eventually replace my Oasis humidifiers with these also.
Let me start off by saying I have had several types of humidifiers all of which have worked well. The major upside to this humidifier is you do not have to worry about over-humidifing your guitar! Packets maintain a constant relative humidity and they couldnt be easier to use.One star short of a 5 star review. Why? The price for the replacement packets.Other than that, a wonderful system!
Unlike those who have complained that they dry out fast, I have always gotten much longer life out of them than the product promises. What I can't tell you is how well they actually meet humidity ideals because I've never monitored the humidity in the case to see what it is and if it is on par with what the manufacturer says. I have taken it pretty much on faith that they deliver what they say and they have read some endorsements by people like Bob Taylor of Taylor guitars that they work. Bob has too good a name and no incentive that I know of to be frivolous about endorsing such a product that might not work, so, I take it that Taylor had his lab people check them out thoroughly to be sure of Humidipaks effectiveness before Mr. Taylor would give them an endorsement. That was good enough to sell me. But I didn't just buy it because Bob Taylor says they work--they occupy a very cool niche which I was hping someone would fill. Planet Waves Humidipaks are for the person who is willing to spend a little extra to not to have to keep fiddling around with water, sponges, gauges and those Oasis water bag and just have something that you can dispose of and replace every so often. That's what I want. Sure, water is free. But it evaporates fast and it's a job to keep having to take care of. So, is it worth it to buy a disposable thing like this that you don't have to mess with? Or do you want to save $15 or so by doing all that work wetting sponges and whatnot weekly? I'll gladly pay the extra few bucks not to have to worry about hydrating my guitars and cases but once avery 6 months.None of my guitars have shown any signs of humidity issues and I have lived in New York City and Virginia Beach in the years since I've been using the Planet Waves Humidipaks. One accolade that I will give Planet Waves is that they did recall the product a few years back and promised replacements when the new model which resolved a potential leakage problem was released. That re-release seemed to drag on for a while and when I contacted Planet Waves to gripe, they sent me a check for the "list" price of all the units I had returned to them. Well the list price was three times the retail price at the time and that was a bit of a minor windfall at the time for me which impressed the heck out of me and I used the money to buy their other humidity products in the interim to humidify my guitars. But when the Humidipaks were available again they sent me replacements ANYWAY. That was really being treated well by Planet Waves and I have never used anything else but Humidipaks since. Humidipaks give me peace of mind that my guitars are being humidified and I'm more than satisfied with how long the paks last.
These replaced the ETB92 nylon tapewounds I tried. I didn't realize how much low end I was missing until I put these on. Very nice.
My bass-playing has gone on for 50 years,...and during the time I've tried lots of strings on my many bass guitars.  I know from that experience how the quality and construction of strings has improved over the decades.This set of D'Addario chromes is remarkable.  It's a flat wound string with all the smoothness and quiet character found in that string type.  In this set, I especially like the 4th string at .100&#34; dia. This set, by its design, gives a very strong and powerful signal to the amp,...and therefore makes even my Schecter Diamond Series 4-string sound largely like the early P-bass with bottom to spare.  There's a 'however'.... and this is it,....this string is NOT muddy sounding like many flat wounds.  Clean, bold, and full of smooth overtones that work well.  I really like them.  The price is fair, and we'll see what kind of life they exhibit, as I don't want to be spending lots of hard-to-find cash on new strings at a frequency that is aggravating.Don P.
Well, that's overstating it a little, but several people told me I wouldn't like FW strings on my bass. I wanted to try them to get closer to an earlier electric bass sound, smoother and more mellow. I considered RWs to be way too bright on my guitar. So I put these on my 1978 MusicMan Sting-Ray bass. I only have a little Peavey practice amp, which may account for how bright these still sound. But I love them. I have to dial the active EQ treble control all the way down, this is just a bright-sounding bass! But I wanted more of a stand-up doghouse bass sound, like early basses had. I have a low-level Hofner violin bass, also with FWs on it (it shipped with RWs,what were they thinking???), but I loves me my MusicMan. And I love the sound of these strings. Oddly, a smidgen of the wrap extends below the nut, but it doesn't seem to affect the sound. As soon as I get a REAL amp, I expect these to completely satisfy. And they WILL pop, but then again, this is an awesome bass, made during Leo's time with MM. But if you want that real "vintage" sound, these are pretty damn good. Lack of a good amp, and not knowing how long they'll last is why I gave them 4 stars. Otherwise, 5 star all the way.
Yeah, i bought these for my friend' s band and their sound are really very impressive. Great durability and tone.
Maybe it's because I cut my musical teeth on Motown and 60s rock, but I've always preferred the sound of flatwound strings to round wound, or even ground wound strings. It might also have something to do with the fact I play upright as well. Flatwounds are easier on the fingers of both hands, and they have a natural damping that makes them sound more upright-like to my ears. It doesn't hurt that a good set of flat wounds will last practically forever, too. I use D'Daddarios on all my my electric guitars and basses as I've found them to be very consistent from set to set, and the sealed plastic packaging means that I can buy a set today, put it in my case, and it's be as good as new a year later.I used to use LaBella flats on my fretless, and then switched to Thomastik Jazz Flats. Then a friend told me he'd switched from the Thomastiks to these.  He found them much more consistent in quality, and smoother as well. I'm now a convert, too.
these are a lighter tensioned version of their popular J74 strings, the pitch is somewhat lower than the J74s and the effort needed to fret a note is much less, nice for old fingers and beginners.
I used to use 009 to 032 and decided to up it a size to the 010...  I like light strings for a more classical and sweeter sound.  The heavier gauges such as 11's are okay too but the 012's seemed to be used a lot for the chop rhythm which I don't ascribe to. At one point I did have a set of Bluegrass 012's on it but they didn't feel right for me plus I didn't like the way the 012's sat on top the nut, I was a bit worried that the nut would crack, which is what happens when the gauges are too fat for the nut slot.IF you want 012's I would highly recommend you take it to a tech so he can evaluate the nut and slot it to the proper width to accommodate the 012.The reason I switched from 009 to 010 is that I was hard pressed and in need of a set and the local music shop didn't carry the 009's any longer so I went to the 010.  I believe my mando was set up with 10's or 11's but I wasn't sure.  I tweaked the action and the 010's are fine and I've made the adjustment.Strings, ahem....  are just about all the same.  They local music shop is very knowledgeable and they told me a story around NAMM shows and how the string booths don't really give out too much info and the origins of their products.  There may be (according to the my local music shop) a few companies that actually make their own strings but the bulk of the strings out there are probably manufactured in a mass quantities at factories in PRC or other offshore sources, sold in bulk and packaged by the companies.  Who knows?  And the shop sure tried to find out but it's a dark dark secret out there at the trade shows, so nobody is talking, and making a logical assumptions from a corporate standpoint are probably not too far off the mark, i.e.  Strings are mass produced for market and most string companies as I said earlier are buying bulk and packaging for the consumers.What does that mean?  That means I need some inside info to this bulk purchasing and I'll sell my own!  The quality is probably up as much as the tooling and raw materials will allow, so why not!Cheers!
Good strings. Light... but I'll be going to coated strings next.  The coated ones are Medium, which is too heavy for me.
Great sound over the original strings.  I did find these strings a little difficult to install because of the size.  They will draw blood if your not careful so watch it while replacing the small strings.  The G and the D were fine.
The strings are slightly smaller than the J74 and deliver a great sound.  Several of my friends ask about the sound and the difference in the sound.  My reply was to purchase a set and give them a try.  Thanks Again
so i just got this product, haven't used it!package looks ok,strings are pakced in one plastic bagi can't wait to try this one, i've also bought Martin M1400, ghs silk and steel, will come back with results!
these are wonderful strings for acoustic playing.  They have a great sound for finger picking and even with a pick they still sound good.
The strings on my new Yamaha FG700S were too hard and noisy so I ordered these and what a difference in the feel!  Playing went from painful to pure pleasure!  I did notice that the tone of the low E string was a bit dead, especially in drop D tuning so I put that one Yamaha string back on and got better sounding lows.  For that, I gave four stars instead of five.
These strings are well packaged, and easy to unroll and string on my guitar. I've had them on two guitars for a couple of months and they hold their tone well.
No strings I've tried are like this, it doesn't have a strong character but work together with your guitar. My seagull now sound mellow with brightness! Also this string is perfect for finger picking, I love it!
These D'Addario silk and steel strings are excellent for finger picking.  A couple of notes, though:  (1) on the positive side, they are made in the U.S.A. of American-produced materials (unlike silk and steel strings by a famous American guitar company whose name starts with "M," which are assembled south of the border); (2) on the negative side, they cost more than M-----'s silk and steel strings; (3) in general, silk and steel strings squeak more on position changes than straight steel strings, especially more than flat-wound acoustic strings; (4) the tone is very nice and mellow, sort of a cross between flat-wound steel strings and nylon strings; (5) the D'Addario folk set is very easy on the fingers and therefore are ideal if you play a lot, or if you primarily play a fairly light gauge electric string and only acoustic on occasion; (6) they really work best for finger picking (whatever you do, don't use metal finger picks), and are less effective than steel strings for flat picking.
I have an Alvarez Yari acoustic guitar that I absolutely love. but I have wanted, missed a warmer tone (the body of this guitar is slightly smaller than many and I had always assumed that I would never be able to get the tone I wanted in the low end... as compared to the bass enhancing body of a typical dreadknot style of guitar, for example...).Then a friend recommended I try these strings, and, to my mind, my guitar has seen nothing short of a transformation!Here is the gorgeous tone I had missed!I am now on my second set of strings, and I am hooked.One thing: I have heard that these strings aren't as durable as other strings.However, this hasn't bothered me, as tend to finger-pick and soft strum, and so, this possibility hasn't become an issue for me.And while I would make no claim that everyone would have the great experience I did, I would wholeheartedly recommend trying these strings to anyone looking for a variation in tone.The fact that it is easier on the fingers is another reason to give these a try! Thumbs up!
I bought this to replace an actual full-out PA and was VERY pleasantly surprised.Pros: GREAT price, VERY loud (as well as clear). Also compact and very durable.Cons: None.Bottom Line: As a monitor look no further. I use it as a PA for practicing and it is a God-send. Buy now!
I was looking for a small, high quality monitor for use in the Praise Band at church. I needed to run my Boss GT-100 and vocals through it on stage. This little speaker is more than loud enough for a good size stage with reasonable stage volume. It is built extremely well/very solid and sounds incredible. The volume and sound quality coming from this is simply amazing. I still chuckle when someone asks me to turn my guitar up and I do and all this sound comes from this little speaker sitting on the floor. There is a threaded mic stand socket on the bottom, but I place it on the floor and angle it back by putting my DI box underneath it. Between this and my GT-100 I have the ultimate direct guitar system, with inputs still available for a monitor feed from the main board. Simply fantastic piece of equipment.
One of these is more than sufficient for small venues as a main keyboard amp with channels for a mic and backing track. A pair of these connected via the stereo link jacks will handle larger venues including outside gigs. They can  be configured as a master/slave set-up with a single link cable (a 1/4 inch speaker cable), or with two cables two fully functioning amps that can handle ten inputs, assuming five inputs per CM-30. In reality the single cable configuration is more than sufficient.The low, mid and high range frequencies are perfect for either a piano or organ. I have run both aRoland RD-300NX Digital PianoandRoland V-Combo VR-700. The grand piano setting on the RD-300NX sounds like the real thing out of this amp, as does the B3 emulation from the V-Combo.I did a direct comparison with this against aMackie SRM150 5.25-Inch Compact Active PA Systemand the sound of this beat it hand's down. Bear in mind that this was designed for keyboards so the sound has been optimized for instruments in their frequency range.Vocals through the channel with the XLR are adequate, but not particularly spectacular. Also, there is no phantom power or ground lift features, so you will not be able to use this in a studio with condenser mics or correct electrical imbalances. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances.I use mine as a powered main, but it is designed to function as a monitor with the main controls on the front of the box. That is somewhat inconvenient when using it as a main because the controls will be facing away from you. However, once the levels are set during sound check you can control the levels via your instrument's volume and EQ controls.There are a few things to note regarding mounting this on a mic stand. First, the manual recommends that the total height from the top of the CM-30 to the floor not exceed 43 inches. I agree. This may be relatively small, but it's heavy at over twelve pounds and the center of gravity at the limited of the recommended height is fairly high. It's easy to tip over, especially of you are not using a tripod style mic stand with the legs fully extended.
I play guitar and sing in relatively small places, such as cafes.  I previously used a Fender Acoustasonic Jr and I got tired of lugging it (about 50 lbs) and all of my other gig equipment around. With the CM-30 I can get it (12 lbs), mic stands, music stand, mic, and various cables and etc into a medium sized rolling duffel.  That means I can haul everthing I need in one trip.  A big plus.I like the sound quality I get.  My guitar is an acoustic Alverez with onboard preamp and my mic is a Shure SM-57.  The Roland doesn't have a huge amount of volume, but if you're looking for something that sounds natural and is easy to transport, set up and take down, this is a good choice. (If I used it a with a passive guitar pick-up, I'd want external preamp.)  Think of it as as a sound booster for when you are playing in a bigger space than your living room.I'm also thinking I will use it in larger rooms as a personal monitor with my Acoustasonic Jr.It looks really rugged, so I'm looking forward to years of happy use.
I use two of these as L/R channels, and my Fishman Soloamp as a center channel.  I use a Rode NT4 stereo mic, run everything through my Mackie mixer, adding some reverb and delay (delay a little of the left, send to right channel, and vice versa), and it sounds fantastic (way better than with just the Fishman alone).  Another tip:  Get a copy of Yamaha's Sound Reinforcement Handbook... when it comes to audio, there are so many aspects that all effect each other, so you really need a good technical understanding of it, otherwise you could randomly mess around with everything forever just to get an "ok" sound.
I bought this pedal new, hoping to get an electric solid body guitar to sound somewhat like an acoustic guitar on stage.  I knew going in that it would not sound like a Martin D-28, but I thought it would be good enough to play a couple of acoustic parts without having to switch guitars.Imagine my profound disappointment.Really, Boss??? This is by far the worst pedal I have ever used of yours.  This thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the "Top" control higher than about 9 o'clock.  At first I thought I must have a defective unit, but then I started reading reviews on-line.  Seems like it is part of the design. It's too bad because one can hear some promise in the faux acoustic tones, hidden beneath a wall of fizz. Totally unusable, as far as I'm concerned. By the way, I tested it direct to a PA as well as into a guitar amp with a single coil guitar (strat).
Didn't purchase this pedal from Amazon, but wanted to write a review. I wasn't expecting much from this pedal, but it is quite good. Is it a completely authentic acoustic sound? I'd have to say... not exactly. But it's kind of close, and it's a far cry from lowering your volume and raising your master, which still sounds distinctly electric. So far, the setting with the most convincing acoustic tones would be the Jumbo setting. Again, don't expect to sound completely acoustic -- it's a nice way to at least approach that sound. Check out some Youtube tests before buying.It's &#34;okay&#34; on my Blues Jr. NOS, but really shines on my Crate TD-35, which is a brighter amp and less colored. I zero the spring verb and use the pedal's onboard reverb for best results.Used it with my Strat and also a humbuckered guitar with a Duncan Hotrod set. Sounds good with both guitars -- especially neck and center positions.Pedal is solid. Be advised that it comes with the 9-volt from the factory, so if you use a DC power source then you'll want to remove the battery. To do so, you'll see a black knob at the base of the pedal. Just unscrew it, pop the hood, and remove the battery. Overally, solid pedal as you'd expect from Boss.A word of warning. Not sure if it's my setup, but when the AC-3 is in my effects chain (not a loop, but in front of the Blues Jr), I started getting really bad static sounds that sounded like the amp was malfunctioning -- burnt tube or the like. When I run it alone to my Crate, I haven't experienced this. Could be any number of things in my effects chain, so check if others experience this.I'm wondering if a small, cheap acoustic amp would help augment the acoustic tone with the pedal. Never tried running an electric into an acoustic amp. Not sure how a non-piezo pickup would affect the tone. Anyone know about this?
I guess the term toppy describes the sampling range, which picks up the higher notes. If you want to get the right effect, this is a good choice. For those of us, who find acoustic guitars difficult to play, this is solution. Personally I have a lazy blues style and my attempts to play acoustic guitars, too often feels like I am using a manual typewriter. This product does what it says on the box, but sounds better using hum bucker pickups, or if you play a strat, it sounds very good on the middle or neck pickup. Don't use the bridge pickup, as it doesn't sound too good.
It's amazing how it makes a electric guitar sound just like an electro-acoustic guitar. It's very useful when you don't want to carry two o three guitars, or when you can't buy an acoustic one. It's the best!
The Boss AC-3 is a serviceable acoustic simulator. I am the only guitarist and in my playing environment (children's church) and frequently need to switch back and forth between acoustic and electric. The AC3 does that job. Although it has several modes, the Jumbo mode seems to be most useful. Played through a carefully EQ'd amp, you can get a tone comparable to a plugged in acoustic electric with very bright settings. There is an audible hiss, less noticeable plugged direct into PA, noticeable plugged into a good, clean tube amp, out of control with humbuckers or solid states.The key to using this pedal is using it correctly.First and foremost: use single coils. Tested with a Les Paul with Burstbucker Pro's, the hiss was overwhelming. Played with an American Deluxe Strat with N3 Noiseless pups in the 3rd position, it actually performed very well on a crystal clean channel.Point two - any form of gain will create a ton of hiss.Point three - tube amps perform infinitely better than solid state amps (tested through a Frontman 212 and Vox Pathfinder vs an Orange Tiny Terror and Fender HRD).The AC3 is not a set it and forget it pedal. Based on the volume of the amp and the room you're in, you will need to tweek the EQ to find that tone. I've read that you can use an EQ pedal to get the same tones, I haven't found that to be the case. If your use for this pedal is to cover acoustic parts in a pinch, or in my case as the only guitar player, to switch from acoustic to electric parts quickly, this is a great fit.-2 stars for ever present  hiss, +3 for actually sounding like an acoustic when it's EQ'd correctly.
As with all Boss / Roland products, the Boss FS-6 performs as designed. I purchased it to control both my Boss ME 20 Multi effects pedal and my Fender Blues Jr amp. The A switch (in non latching mode) allows me to cycle through stored effects banks in my ME 20 and the B switch (in latching mode) allows me engage and disengage the FAT (overdrive) switch on my Blues Jr Amp. Everything works exactly as planned. The FS-6 rugged, compact (fits right into my into ME 20 carrying case) and easy to use.I read a few reviews where people were complaining about batteries...something to complain about. As with most guitar players I don't use batteries in my effects pedals I use an 9 volt AC/DC adapter. Visual Sound offers the "One Spot" AC/DC adapter kit that has a 9 volt battery snap connector adapter. I removed the battery cover, then using a small rat tail file I carefully cut a notch in the battery cover for the snap connector to pass through. I then put rubber feet (purchased at ACE Hardware) on the bottom to allow the snap connector cable...battery problem solved.I also use the FS-6 as a sustain pedal for my Yamaha YPG 225 portable grand piano and a control for my RC-3 Loop Station simultaneously. The possibilities are limited only to your imagination. It is somewhat expensive but it is a Great Product!! If you need a duel switch then I highly recommend purchasing the FS-6.
Neither delighted nor disappointed.  I have not found it to be intuitive to use and the battery compartment is a joke, but otherwise the construction is good.  I dont use it very much because I havent really figured out what I want to do with it, and it is too big to fit in my briefcase full of blues harps, so I have the behringer A/B switch doing the job there.
I needed a footswitch for a variety of applications to include an acoustic amp, guitar amps, and other guitar/audio gear.  Built like a tank and completely configurable.  Well done again, Roland!
I bought it to use with my Boss ME-70. I use the to go up and down through my banks I have programmed on the ME-70. Build like a tank. Simply to use. Simply to hook up. I hear it can be used on other Boss and Roland gear.
Could be more tapered for such a tiny pick. But the material is AWESOME. Nice grip even more so when I sweat.
I play metal so I need a strong pick (the Jazz III models) and this one also has a texture (Ultex) that makes it easier to hold onto/keep it in the right position. Second time I bought these.
The yellow material has a rough texture coated over it that gives it a nice rubbery grip with a smooth snappy tone!
I have moved on to the Carbon Fiber and 3mm Lexan Jazz III picks but these Ultex picks are also very nice.  They are a little less bright than the Carbon Fiber Picks which in some cases is actually preferrable.  In my opinion (At least at the moment) the Jazz III picks are right at the top of the list with the best picks you can buy.  Once you get used to the small size there is no going back.  The large picks feel like your holding a refrigerator.
This Ultex Jazz 3 it's very cool, your durability is very high and I'm feel very comfortable to play with it...
If you are fan of the Jazz III you will definitely like the Ultex version.  From my experience, the Ultex has the sound and feel of Tortex but without the "memory" aka wear.  The Ultex is thicker than the standard nylong Jazz III's and only when directly compared will you notice that the Ultex version has a slightly larger gripping surface.Five stars for being a better Jazz III.  However, the prices for these on amazon are absurd.  I got mine through musiciansfriend for around $2 shipped.
I already liked the Jazz 3 picks by Dunlop, these made from the Ultex material sound so much better, and the surface of the pick is nice,even with sweaty fingers,they stay put. I do pick scrapes alot and there is no sign of wear on the edges of the pick. Sweet !!!!! These are clear yellow picks I would love to see them in red, that would be brutal!!!!
IDK why GC does not carry these. Annoying. Great pick! Worth buying a baggie. If you like the ultex feel but hate the in store larger only ones, get these.
Firm pick, just the perfect size and keeps a sharp tip.  Once you try these picks you never go back.
This is a nice pick, thicker and easy to hold on to.  I like the size (smaller than your regular picks) and the tone it allows me to obtain on my guitar.
Great picks, not just for Jazz though. I play pretty much everything and these work really well for most styles. Takes a little getting used to the smaller size and feel, but once you do they are fantastic.
ever since I saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used Jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. I decided to try them out.. and I fell instantly in love with the regular jazz III picks!I always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz III was no exception so it didn't bother me..Meaning I didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... Then I read about this new Ultex thingyit looked like a jazz III and every one seemed to like it..sooo I figured why not have a go at it... I was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which I read..so i was dieing to feel them... Well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while I didn't even notice that I hadn't once readjusted my pick..... NOT ONCE ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! I love this thing love it love it!
I have always trusted the Graph Tech TUSQ products and this is no different.  The compensation for this saddle was almost spot on with little adjustment needed.
I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. The difference is quite noticeable and good. The guitar is a modest model but it is a player with a "better than a lot more expensive guitars" sound. I had a bone nut that cracked which is why I tried these replacements. In my estimation the sound is clearer, brighter and louder. The price seemed high for a little chunk of "plastic" but the difference in sound leaves me satisfied.
When I purchased this I'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. Guess what? As far as I can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. This is NOT worth the money.
I purchased the plastic and it worked fine but the notes were not as distinguished as the TUSQ. I did have to sand to make it fit. That may sound badm but I am glad because it's better than too small. I did not purchase this from amazon but sweetwater in case you were wondering.
I selected this to replace the cheap plastic Saddle that came on my Fender acoustic. This was a tremendous upgrade and made a difference in the tone and 'brightness' of the sound. This was easy to install and comes with easy to understand instructions.
I installed this saddle in my Silvertone SD10.  If you have a lower end guitar, this will make a huge difference.  I had to sand it down some in all directions.  I did the length first, then thickness and finally the height.  I used 220 grit sandpaper. The directions are in the package.
This is a great product, just not for me. I found it brightened my tone way too much and I went back to plastic. Gave my guitar a bad metallic sound, and I lost bottom end.
A little patients sanding the saddle to fit my 1973 vintage Guild (better fit than the plastic original that it replaced!) and the sound expanded beyond my expectations! I also replaced the bridge pins with Tusq made ones and the nut was already made from bone.
Having recently purchased an Epiphone EL-00 I went about changint the bridge pins and bridge itself from the installed plastic units to Graph Tech's Tusq material. It is hard to emphasize just how much they have improved the tone of what was a very good instrument to begine with. The top resonates with a greater sustain due to the vibrational transfer of the Tusq bridge and pins, the note to note defination went from very good to exceptional. This was one of the best modifications I have made to an instrument in many years of tweaking my instruments. I have a nut on the way to complete the upgrade...I can barely wait. I highly recommend this product it will give your instrument a new voice.
Got to admit I was a little intimidated by the installation process when I was shopping for this pickup.  But when I got the box I was pleasantly suprised to find excellent instructions (not too long, not too short) along with plenty of supplies to complete the instillation properly.  The jig method is super easy and provided great results.  I was really excited to try out the pickup so I plugged it into my Roland AC-33 and let her rip, it was awsome, very full and very representative of my guitars sound.  K&K you have a convert in me.  I am now thinking about trying this on my Martin!
So based on the reviews from Amazon, and a friend who swears by these pickups, I decided to put one into my 310 Taylor.I am extremely pleased!  This was my brother's guitar, and he had a Mcyntire soundboard transducer installed by his local guitar shop.  It sounded terrible.  I tried messing with placement to get it to sound better, but it just didn't sound good, had tons of feedback, and just didn't have a good feel.I installed this pickup myself.  I have installed a few pickups in a few different guitars, and this one was pretty painless.I didn't have to drill out the endpin hole, so it only took me about 20 minutes to install this bad boy.When I tested it out I was blown away.  It sounded beautiful!  Just like my Taylor, only louder!The true test was an actual live performance.  I brought my Baggs Para Acoustic D.I. and I was glad I did.I was able to adjust the EQ just a tad, cut some of the mid-range a bit, and it sounded even better!I could not believe it.  It literally gave me chills.If you're on the fence about this pickup, go for it!  The reviews don't lie, this sounds fantastic, especially if you can EQ it a bit.I did plug in without the PADI, just to test it and it still sounded good.  If I forgot my PADI I would have no qualms about playing this straight into a system.  It might be labeled as passive, but it's got the volume of an active system for sure!It's a great buy in my opinion.
I have K&K pickups in other guitars.  This is the first one I've bought that had the smaller transducers.  It needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued Pure Western with the larger transducers.  Like other K&K pickups it sounds darned good.  With a decent PA head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  The pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  This one comes with an ingenious DIY installation jig made from, I'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  It makes placement a snap.  The best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  You can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  They sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup.
I put this in a $200 guitar.  I have a Recording King (RD-06) that sounds so good, that I wanted to use it for live gigs.  So I popped in this K&K.  I ran it through my SWR California Blonde II acoustic amp.  If you have been wanting an acoustic guitar to have that &#34;miked&#34; when you plug it in, this is as close as it gets!  I recommend getting a sound-hole cover if you play with a band, but you will not be disappointed.  The installation can be a little tricky, but with a little patience and reading, anybody can install it.  If you don't feel comfortable, just go pay a local luthier to install it for $30, or ask your grandmother for help :P
Installed one on my CF Martin, almost leaving a thumb super-glued to the inside of the guitar. An interesting experience - would have been almost comical to arrive in the emergency room with my thumb stuck to the inside of the guitar. I'm sure that some of my DNA still resides in the guitar.Bought another for my brand new Taylor GS Mini Mahogany after hearing what a great acoustic sound was coming from the CF Martin through a brand new Kustom Sienna Pro30 acoustic guitar amp from Amazon. I've read that folks prefer the K&K; over the made-for-the-GS-Mini-Taylor-pickup.Get it.
I have these in three guitars after trying out some undersaddle and sound hole pickups. Some peope miss the &#34;quack&#34; ,electric guitar type sound from these other types. I do not. I also like that the bridge and saddle do not have to be modified ,nor is any battery required. I run it through a Baggs Para-acoustic preamp or my Fishman Aura.It really has to be installed by a professional repairman to be sure the sensors are located correctly.Product was delivered safely and promptly.
I bought this to have at home or when I travel; my full size stand stays at church. I have a new Martin 12-string that I did not want lying on the floor. This folds flat (maybe 2&#8221; thick) has a wide secure base and fits in the bag I carry my other gear in quite well.
The Hercules Travlite Guitar Stand is an average stand in my opinion.  It does hold up the acoustic guitar and it is very portable but I'd keep your guitar and stand out away and close to a corner, if you value your guitar.  Not a specific knock on the Hercules but most low and portable stands like this, are the same, they do keep the guitar up but a careless bump can knock it down.  You may be careful around it, but it's hard to say for others nearby.  For a cheap guitar, I wouldn't mind using this, but for a more expensive guitar, no thanks.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I own two Hercules GS302B stands for my electric guitars, and I couldn't be happier with them. When I needed an acoustic stand I turned to the Hercules GS301B and have no regrets. At the forefront of my purchasing decision was the safety of my guitars. Not only do stands have to hold guitars securely, they shouldn't harm the finishes of the instrument. Unfortunately many stands will harm the nitrocellulose lacquer on many higher-end guitars; since I have two guitars of this nature, protecting them was of the utmost import to me. Fortunately these stands protect most nitrocellulose finishes, and I have never had problems with mine. The stands themselves (both varieties) fold up to be very compact if you need portability, and support the guitar very securely. I don't gig with these guitars, so portability was not paramount to me, but stability was: these stands are extremely stable and are very sturdy (mine reside on a carpeted floor, and I have never had any issues with them tipping over.) Some people may not love the yellow and black "bumble bee" coloration, but I actually find it whimsically industrial. I am completely happy with all three of my Hercules stands: they are safe, portable, rugged, and won't hurt the finish on most guitars. If I need another guitar stand, it's a good bet I will buy another Hercules.
This is a nice, sturdy well made guitar stand.  It is great for gigs as it is small and travels lightly.
This thing is relatively heavy for such a small stand.  Of course one might think that would translate into sturdy, and one would be correct.  Super simple to use.  No buttons, levers, or knobs. Just pop it open.  It doesn't have an actual mechanical locking feature, but the design is such that if you fully open the outside legs they will basically lock in place.  It holds my acoustic securely, and I have no fear that it's going to tip over on its own.  When you're done, just nudge the outer legs to "unlock" them and it's super easy to fold back up.I had a Fender mini acoustic stand, but it didn't fold flat enough to fit nicely in my gig bag so I figured I would try this one.  I am quite happy as it does in fact fold flatter.  HOWEVER..... I can only give it four stars because when folded the three back feet stack up and give it about a 2.75" thickness.  If Hercules could have figured a way to avoid that, this baby would truly fold as flat as a magazine.  It's still pretty flat and takes up less room in my bag, but I think the Marketing guys used a little creative license with that description.  (Either that or they're comparing it to the Cosmo year end recap issue.) Still a great little stand and I would buy it again if needed.
I got this to plug into my computer. It comes with a wealth of programs and amp combos. The unit itself works as planned even though i think i may stick with Sonar as far as a editor. Sorry Behringer maybe later. The quality and durability are there 100% well worth what i paid for.
I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband.This product plugs into the usb port and the guitar plugs into the 1/4&#34; port (the product specs does not show or say 1/4 plug port).My product has an orange USB light instead of a blue one. The support people at Behringer tell me that they changed the color to match their logo (sounds like BS to me).The problem I had and the reason I bought this is that I tried plugging my guitar directly into the computer with a 1/4-1/8 adapter chord. It works but the levels are too low. When I received this, I was hopeful that the levels would be higher and they are, but not by much. It is a step up from the adapter, but far from professional. I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality.I bought a &#34;like new&#34; product describing faded or damaged packaging. When it arrived, the pkg box was dented (I don't care) and product looked new inside. But, all the instructions described a blue USB light and CD of driver and recording software which this did not come with. Behringer gave me a link to download. I assure you it's crapware and beware. For the mac, garageband is far better and easier to use.Rock out!
I was previously using a Rocksmith USB Cable, but wanted a specific cable for my iMac. This unit definitely fits the bill, and from what I can hear when playing, has an even lower latency than the RS cable. I was getting a little unwanted slapback with the RS cable, but this unit seems to have taken care of that. It's also quite nice to have a headphone jack right up front for quiet practice times.The software that comes with this Interface is a joke, and is about as useful as an AOL disc. Since I use Logic Pro X and MainStage 3 it wasn't a loss to me, but if you are buying this interface for the fact it comes with &#34;Amp Tones&#34;, you might want to look somewhere else. I couldn't even get the software to load on my 2013 iMac.
Use this to record my guitar on Garage Band.  Works and sounds really good.  I would recommend it.  Great value
This product has turned out to be great with few exceptions.  It comes with three amplifier software packages and says you have the license to turn on any one of the three, not true.  The license included only works for one amp, the AC box combo and not the other two, you need to purchase the license for them.  Plus the instructions for getting the system installed and operational are poor.  You cannot run the output through your sound card to your PC speakers due to latency.  You must use the headphone jack on the interface.  In addition if you are in an austere environment and can't get to the internet to register your product immediately you are out of luck trying to make it work.  Once you overcome all of these obstacles it is a good little product.
I use this to practice at my computer to keep from disturbing my wife when she is studying or my daughter when she is sleeping. Great little box!
I ordered this so I could plug my guitar into my computer and record music. Works well. Quality German manufacturing as always. Nice. I would definitely recommend this. It worked with my windows 7 starter, Acer netbook.
..it works.But expect some flaws.First,finding a driver to use was a pain.It doesn't come with a software disc,so look on Behringer's support site for driver download.Whatever driver you do use it kills all other audio,you can't run any other media player and get sound.My advice is unless you have a dedicated PC or laptop for using this...get something else.
It is a good price, works fine to connect my wha wha pedal to my ampli.4 stars because nothing is perfect but I'm happy with it
Works fine.  Good value
I like this cable for it has an angled plug. It is not that long but no complaints. It works as it should and does well.
i use this cable to patch a preamp to an amp.  it works really well.  having the two different style of ends gives you good options when putting a system together.
I use this 5 footer between my guitar pedals and amp. I do move it around plug and unplug it often and after two months of daily use it works as well as it did when it was brand new. I was initially concerned when I first received the cable that it would not last. The cable is not as fat as I had hoped, however the ends are solid and sturdily built. I usually use Mogami Gold cables and do so because budget cables are crap and only last a month or so, if that long.  This Hosa Cable is a very good cable and I even chose to use Hosa jumper cables between my over drives and effects pedals. They last.
Believe this 5 feet Cable is no small thing. The Jacks are high quality construction. Very very durable. The cable itself is thinker that ordinary guitar cable. I plan on enjoying this Cable for many many years. I'm glad I bought it, and thanks to Amazon who made it available.
works great and to me its cheap. cant see why you would buy a more expensive guitar cable.Highly recomended
A VERY handy item. Great for sitting by your practice amp when you don't want to be bothered with stepping all over your 10footers.  The wire could be a little heavier but you can't beat the value. The plugs are the standard screw-down type with well soldered  joints.  I've used this, now, for quite a while and have no problems nor complaints with this cord.
I thought I was buying the 10 footer and realize I ordered the 5 footer too late.  Let's be honest here, what good is a 5 foot amp chord unless you're sitting on the amp?  My bad..I never would have ordered this as it costs the same money for the 10 footers as it does for the 5 footers.  I would not recommend buying a 5 footer unless you practice in a closet.
These cables are VERY good. The metal heads at both ends are of excellent quality and you can unscrew the grip to change the pins. There is no play when I plug these into my guitar nor are they too tight- that is, the pin diameter is perfect! There's also a white protective hard paper at both ends to prevent internal short due to fatigue (which is how I lost the last two cables and which would be expected from daily guitar practice)
I used to have bulk 18 gauge wire, and Switchcraft jacks, to make my own cables. These Hosa cables probably use 22 to 24 gauge wire, but are adequate for the price. The heat shrink strain reliefs are adequate as well. I recommend tightening the housing, because everyone of mine were loose.
This cable seems top-notch to me.  Some complaints I heard had to do with this brand not lasting.  (Of course, those guys abuse their equipment.)  Maybe that will be something I'll encounter, but this cable appears to be very well made--and it works great.  I take very good care of my gear, so I expect this one to last.  Only gave it four out of five because I'd rate some other cables slightly higher.  This a great cable, the length is perfect for practice, and I'd buy another.
a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item if you are a truly music chosen one
Awe... it might have deserved 5 stars had it had a chance to prove itself. But I did buy another that I still have but it is still in it's original packaging as a back up for my other cords. Until i break it out and use it hard for 6 months I have nothing else to say here.
Construction and Use: 5/5The connectors and shielding on these cables are good and do not introduce much noise into a system.The manufacturer has done a good job on this cable, but the user is responsible for two things (this addresses complaints I see in other reviews):1) Take care of your cables. The right angle plug side is much stronger than the straight plug side; this is by design. Take good care of your cables and it should last you quite a long time. This includes taking the time to store them for use.2) Make sure you know what length you need for a cable. The shorter the cable, the better for studio use. It reduces signal travel time and potential for interference (though these cables are shielded so the latter concern is moot). If you need a longer cable, buy a longer cable. Don't buy what is advertised as 5' cable and then write a negative review when you really needed a 15' cable.
Bought two for a shockingly low price that I couldn't beat anywhere- even at double the price. Quality cable, sturdy  user serviceable connectors, well constructed, and 6 months of daily use with no issues. What more can you ask for?
I bought this cable, because my guitar connection is in the back. This Just fix perfectly! I don't expected nothing better, this is just right. Glad I chose to purchase this cable.
Bought these to replace the ones that I had previously ordered from another vendor.  These have good shielding not like the others.
I've purchased several of these in different lengths and styles and never had a problem but this one is giving me some minor difficulties with connection.  Like a loose connection.
I will use this cable to connect my guitars to a portable amp. The quality is great, price is right and delivered on time.
This is a great cable at a good price. I works well without the extra noise you get with some cheap cables. I have been playing guitar for many years and would recomend this cable.
This cable works for me in the tuner out jack of my amp. I noticed how thin the cable is, but the length is good for my needs. I  have played through the cable once and found it sub par compared to my other cables, which are professional grade and cost a lot more, but this is a cheap cable and sounds like any other cable of this caliber. I use the right angle to hook up to my jazz  bass during rehearsal where long cables at times bunch up and become cumbersome in a studio setting.
I use this cable between my fender blues jr and a ditto x2 looper, it works great and the angled jack puts less stress on the cable and input jack
Showed up in two days and it works great, looks solid, nice construction, quality cord w/ right angle for $7, yea!! :D
This is good for the money.  It is short, but works with the small amp that I purchased.  I am done
These are good quality cables at an economical price. The difference between Hosa, and my high end cables are barely noticeable. The cable shipped fast, and I couldn't be more pleased.
Unless you're going to get a very expensive professional chord this is just as good as any other and works great for medium sized venues.
In fact, I don't think this Hosa GTR215R cord lasted 2 hours. One step on the cord and it came apart. This purchase is the very reason why I'm looking to buy a wireless system. Maybe if you're using this to run a PA I would recommend it. But if any performer is hard on their cords I wouldn't recommend this item....but to be fair, I would recommend wireless to any performer. You'll end up saving money over the long haul.
This little cable gets used on my practice amp. I love the 90 degree connection. The overall quality seems good and I have had no problems.
One for each guitar and they are heavy duty and work great.  I probably didn't need the 15' length, but at the time, this was the only really good cable with 90* angles.
I got this because I was adding a Pedal to my practice amp.  This runs from my Guitar to the pedal.  Works perfect and the length is just right to reach from the guitar to the pedal.  This is actually my best cable and I think I will soon be upgrading my cheaper cables to these
This is great for adding pedals. You cant go wrong for this item with the price even more so thank you
been using it for a month or 2 now.. had absolutely no problems..good constructio,looks good..angled end is a good fit..price is good.
I bought a set of these to upgrade my Kona K1ETRD, a vast improvement over the old ones, now it stays in tune better and they're very smooth, looks nice too!
The low-E tuner on my 1985 LP Standard broke about a week ago - the back came off and the tuning handle popped out. I never liked the ones that were on it but I didn't want to drop the $$$ unless I needed to. I came across these Grovers. They had good reviews and the price was right.Took me about 30 minutes to replace all the tuners and re-string the guitar. The tuners fit perfectly with no modification whatsoever. They also feel more sturdy than the ones I just replaced. It's hard to say if they keep a tune better at this point as I haven't had them on for long enough - they *seem* better, though, as the B string with the old tuners used to always go flat quickly.I decided to use the old screws instead of the new ones that shipped with these Grovers - they fit better (i.e. tighter). Nothing wrong with the new screws, I just like my stuff to be snug. :)I like them and glad I purchased them - so far.
I installed these on my 2000-ish Epiphone Les Paul.  They provide a VERY noticeable upgrade and provide a true vintage look.  I can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending.  The ability to accurately tune and keep that tuning allows to play and sound better.  I should note that I had to drill new holes or, more precisely, enlarge the holes on my guitar.  I used a 3/8 drill bit and just went very slowly and carefully.  I'm sure the idea of drilling your guitar might sound scary, but it was actually quite easy.  Now they are in there nice and snug since I made the holes a bit tight.
what a nice clear sound it has,,and smooth ,,,nice size for someone with small hands , i got this because of all the good things people wrote about  it in the reviews, sense i always wanted to play ,so decided to learn ,,and wasn't shore what kind to get ,,so thanks for all the reviews to help me out ,, and i am so glad i got this one it came in a nice plastic case ,not a cardboard box, all throw i did order a case for it,( witch i will use) when i bought this Harmonica,, not shore what harmonica to get on a low budget ,,this is the one,,you won't regret it,, i been around blue's  a long time so heard many harmonica's  ,this one truly sounds good,,
I'm a guitarist with a passion for blues, so it was only a matter of time before I was going to pick up the harmonica.  I almost went with some of the cheaper options, but I am extremely pleased with my decision.  It sounds gorgeous (very full and clear), and I've already been able to start bending some notes--which I understand I notoriously hard for beginners on cheap harmonicas.As a blues guitarist I was tempted to buy a harmonica in D or A that, when played in second-position, would allow me to play along with blues songs in A or E (two of the most common blues keys; especially among the songs I like to play).  The second-position for the harp in C is G (not terribly common).  However, I think it is good practice to begin with a harmonica in C, since many of the beginner songs are in C, and the C major scale should be very familiar to most musicians.  In other words, as I'm exploring the notes, they make a lot of sense to me.  At this price, I won't mind buying a D or A when the time comes--it's not like I'm already at a level where I'm dying to play those songs anyway.  And, if I need to, there are a couple of songs I've found in G (e.g., Work Song by Butterfield).  That song along should keep my practicing for a long time.  If you are still reading this review, then you clearly are the type of person that would love this harp, add it to your cart.
This is a really cheap microphone.  I'm usually amazed how good &#34;cheap&#34; mics sound (e.g. the shure pg line is fantastic), but I'm not amazed by this mic.  It sounds like a cheap mic.  It handles high sound pressure ok, but sounds &#34;tinny&#34; and is more prone to feedback than a nicer mic.For the price, however, you should not expect any better.Likes:- Price.  This is essentially a toy.- Stand and cable too!Dislikes:- Sound quality.  Maybe you want a &#34;lo-fi&#34; sound?  You could make it work.Overall, this is a really good bargain for an extra back-up or kids mic.  It is not a horrible mic.  It is usable for applications like speaking.  For hi-fi music recording, however, you'll notice it is a cheap mic.
Good quality for the price, It's a mic on a stand. Plug it into an amp, computer sound card, karaoke machine, whatever, and belt out your favorite tune. Is this the most bestest sounding microphone on the planet? No, my friend. It is not. Sorry. But it is perfectly adequate for most purposes. The stand that comes with is light and I wouldn't subject it to too much abuse (don't invite Iggy Pop over, he's rough on mic stands) but it will do the job admirably if what you want is something to hold the mic while you wave your hands in the air like you don't care. And you're gonna do that, right?
Good quality for the price. It exceeded my expectations.  I expected something a bit more flimsy, but was surprised to find it as heavy duty as it is.
I feel that every microphone is great compare to nothing. It works great thank you, Nady and Amazon. It's compact and great to use.
Although this is hardly a high-end microphone, it is fully functional for amplification of voice or an instrument, although the output signal seems like it could be stronger.  The stand is sturdy, too.  So, this is probably not the best choice for the full-time professional musician, but for busking around or playing in clubs, it's worth a look.
The mic has loud voice in my Karaoke. The stand makes my setting professional. You feel different when there is a stand holding the mic.
This is not a great quality microphone. But that's not what I was expecting when I paid $25 for the mic and stand. I bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. I need some less expensive equipment to 'play on'. So it works well for that.
These aren't the dirt-cheap - these actually have some nicer connectors - mid-grade level. They aren't the cheap type with a rubber boot that pretends to be a strain-relief - these are screw on plastic bits with a more sturdy housing. Decent cables and aren't too expensive. Will buy again...
GLS Audio 25ft Mic Cable is very High Quality. You will not be disappointed. Low cost, long lasting. I'm very satisfied.
I needed a few extra cables this year for a few live sound events. For the price point I was worried about buying "cheap cables". This are a great value for your buck. The only thing I didn't like about these... the cable ties suck! haha... If you need some quality "cheap" cable, these are for you!
These cables are very good quality. I like the different colors for organizational purposes on stage. They are good quality, and very durable.
These cables are great in microphone or DI-box applications.  They are clean of any electrical noise.  Having color coded cables are also good too.
very durable and flexible if you are looking for something nice and "strong" get this cables.
We have used them for three shows and a bunch of practices. Sounds great, looks great, the cable tie straps are nice and the connectors fit into the microphone nice and tight. Even fixed another bands vox mic connector, his sure cable was loose in the connector, this cable was tight. Has worked on...SM57, Nady Starpower, AKG 5800s, MXL 990, Marshall and Mark bass amps, and every one had a nice tight clean connection on the XLR's and on the numerous mixers. And yes COLOR RULES!
Picked up this set of cords for a gig I had at a large hotel event.  There were 3 audio systems going at the same time running across the front of two stages.  We had 48 channels  running from the stages to the back where we had a splitter send the inputs into my board, the video mix board, and then the house mix board. I had returns A-E for my subwoofer, 3 monitor mixes and a stereo main mix.  I used a different color cable for each function. I had a second set for DI boxes to the guitars, bass and keyboards.  All of the cables worked perfectly! The video mix guy asked me where I got the cables from so he could get a set for himself. These cords made it super easy to see where my bands stuff was plugged into so at the end of the night we made short work of the cable tear down.Already had 2 sets, so I ordered one more set for my studio, so I can find connections that much easier!Great set of cables!
I can't believe I never thought of buying colored cables before. I often move all my microphones from one drum set to another depending on what I'm recording and now I don't have to use masking tape and write what each microphone is for, I can just look at the color and I'm all set.
I've purchased a couple of of the blue 25 foot mic cords from this seller before - same as these.  I've had them for well over a year used in live music at least 5 times a month.  They've been stepped on, and treated pretty rough.  They are still supple and easy to wind up.  In contrast; I have other mic cords from a different manufacturer and the set screws have fallen out, they are stiffer and just haven't held up as well.  Having the multicolor cords makes it a lot easier to see which channel on the mixer is connected to which mic.  Very inexpensive yet reliable cord.  Highly recommended.
This mic is strong, reliable and produces the sound I'm looking for.  I used to buy all Shure products,,I'm switching to GLS..they are just great!
I wouldn't consider this a $30 backup mic, I would consider this a professional vocal mic.  Period.  This is a great mic!  Out of the box, it has a nice weight to it.  It sounds slightly hotter than say, a Shure SM58; which is why I like it so much.  I typically like to stand back from a mic when I sing live and this seems to work very well for my vocals with that technique.  I have also tested this mic with harmonica as well.  Seriously... I don't work for the company or have any ties whatsoever.  I'm just a dude in a band.  Trust me on this one.
I was very skeptical about this mic being so cheap and all but I use it in my band with several other Shure mics and I cant tell the difference the same pa mix and they sound the same..I plan on getting a few more of these.
I bought this because it was cheap and figured it can't be that bad. I was surprised that it was good. I had this and a shure mic with a professional singer and they couldn't tell the difference.
To my ears, this is a SM58. It sounds identical. Someone with super human ears will tell you otherwise and they may be right, but I have been recording music for years and this mic is as good as any shure mic I have had and it's only half (or less) of the cost.
Ha, Amazon rejected my first review because I mentioned a competitor by name (chickens). Let's just say that the price is excellent, much better than the competition, and the cables work great.  How's that?
I am a pro drummer and run pro sound support PA systems for outside venues as well from time to time. It is essential that I have cables that carry the great sound we make out to the speakers to reproduce it acurately to the crowds. These 50 ft xlr cables are made well, I hear virtually no sound loss or distortion over the long lengths. And as usual dealing with GLS and Orange County, they came fast packed well and safe. I am a continuing returning customer because of quality, price and service. And though on this particular order I had no need to contact them, they checked in with me to make sure everything went well. Great folks to deal with.
I have had to use these because the stage was so wide you could not use anything shorter. Most stages in bars, clubs and restaurants are small enough to use 25' mic cables and reach the stage box of the snake, but not all. These GLS Audio cables have been transparent and sturdy for the 2 months that I have been using them on an almost daily basis. I have performed many setups and tear down with these cables and there is no indication of any problem coming up any time soon.
The quality is good (the smell was funny when first opened ... I worry about China's lack of environmental concerns), but the sound is first class, very quiet, so with my Rde NT5 matched pair, I have a very quiet signal path.
I had high hopes for this replacing my pedal board but there are a couple of things I don't like about it.  It has a button clip on the back which is non-removable so makes it all but useless if you don't put it on your belt.  I don't know about you but wearing something on my belt with two 1/4 inch cables is quite a feat.  Add to that possible lines for headphones and an a/c adapter and you look like OctoMan.And what possible function does the kidney bean shape make other than making it odd to put down anywhere with the belt clip sticking out.  The menu is accessed by using a 4 position finger pad.  The main rotaries on the front have two functions depending whether you are holding another key down to access the second set.  This is extremely difficult to do if you need to switch between settings in a live environment.  I have had multiple mistakes and frustrations.IMHO the POD really belongs on a desktop for DAW recording.  It doesn't have much value on your belt clip.  Still have my effects rack.
I had a Line 6 POD that worked only on the computer and was great for effects and stuff but not the best for actually practicing away from the computer and decided it was time to change that. I considered a few different brands and even other Line 6 POD models. I even ordered a POD XT only to cancel that order when I realized that you can download tones from the Line 6 website and add them into the user memory banks for easy retrieval.As many have said, the batteries that come with it did not last long at all, but that was kind of expected. I have since been using Energizers and those are lasting long enough for my needs, plus I have a 9 volt AC adapter that works great, especially when I am recording.To use it for recording, simply output from the headphone jack to the input on your laptop or desktop computer and you'll be able to record with all the tones you could want! I downloaded a Joe Satriani sound and am so happy with it that I have already recorded myself playing one of his songs with it and it sounds great!I am not going to knock a star off for this since they obvously put a belt clip on it for a reason, but if you are like me and still like to sit it on a desk every now and then, it will not stay put by itself as it is not heavy enough, but I found that you can put two rubber bands on either side of it and it helps it to &#34;grip&#34; better and stay put so that it doesn't slide right off.I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to any guitarist out there who needs some great tones to practice with. I don't play live so I cannot say how well it would work for that.
I wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features.  Though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps.PROS:  32 amp models, 16 cabinet models, effects + thousands of available presets = TONES GALORE; good software for managing tones and creating new ones; can be used in front of an amp (in case you want to know how a modeled Mesa/Boogie would sound coming out of a real Vox); lots of connectivity; compact enough that I keep the unit, the cable and the power supply in my case; no tech problems at all; built-in noise gate and tuner; easy-to-use tap feature.CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee).As an inexpensive effects box that also works as a portable headphone amp, this thing is cool.  You won't get bored with it but you will need to learn how to use it.  Master some of the amp/cab models and how to tweak them for gain, reverb, delay, etc. before you dive into the presets.  And once you've got the presets you like best, use the software to put them all in one place so you can find them easily.The Line 6 Pocket Pod Pack includes a patch cord, power supply, USB cable, CD, cheap ear buds, and MP3 player cable.  The Pack is 150 new, so if you're going to buy the power supply then just get the Pack.  If you buy used then the manual describes how to do a factory reset so it's like new again.
What an amazing product. Multi-voltage capability for worldwide use, powering eight pedals, and very cost effective, too. If I bought eight adapters, it would cost me well over $120 USD. Even at the price it's sold at, the build quality is pro level. I'd be happy using this on a well-traveled pedalboard. At this price, you could buy two or three of these packs to power huge boards.I usually run six to seven pedals in a typical session. Not all at once, but it's nice to know that the delivery is smooth, without any drops or spikes in power level. I can crank 'em all if I want to, and go NUTS.
I use this to power a Big Muff Pi, mxr compresser, Ibanez Tube Screamer, and a Planet Waves tuner pedal. The only pedal I have that it won't power is a digitech whammy, but that was expected when I bought it.  It works great. I use the 9-volt battery adapter to power the Big Muff and it even works perfect. I get no extra hum with the 4 pedals and it only takes up one spot in my surge protector. Great little power source. I'm not sure I'd use it for professional gigs, but great for home use.
Like many guitar players, I have a few effects pedals of different brands and I needed an alternative to nine volt batteries to power them. At one of the guitar forums I frequent I started a thread about powering a TS9 Tube Screamer with a non-proprietary nine volt power supply, One Spot came back twice in the replies. Since that time I acquired a two more pedals so now I really needed something. I looked into powered pedal boards but decent boards were too expensive and too bulky me. I got creative, I ordered a One Spot Combo Pack then bought some 2" wide industrial strength Velcro and built my own board that fits in my hard-shell brief case.So far so good, after two months of band practices the One Spot 9V DC adapter with the Multi Plug daisy chain cable does what I bought it for, my little four pedal setup works beautifully. I'm perfectly happy it. The One Spot adapter is well made and the cable is ten feet long so it should be long enough to reach your stage power source. The Combo Pack also includes protective caps for the unused plugs on the Multi Plug daisy chain.If you are thinking about buying this product, do it. If you have concerns about compatibility with your pedals, here is a compatibility chart.[...]Power to the pedals, Rock On!!!!
Easy to use and only takes up one space on a power strip. Recommended.  Well worth the price of the product.
This thing is awesome. It doesn't take up a lot of room and has a tone of options for connections....and it's way cheaper than a power box
If you are using two or more pedal effects this should be on your standard equipment list  With the price of 9volt batteries you can't afford not to purchase this rig.  If you need it, there's enough wiring to have space between your pedals. But the wiring is thin enough to be able to stuff it into a crammed pedal board.  A great feature is the disconnect plug that gives you the ability to disconnect the wiring harness from the 9volt adapter  The 9volt adaptor comes with plenty of wire so you can have your pedals or board in a convenient position.
I have a very nice pedal board for my guitar rig, but not enough power for 13 pedals.  This totally solved the problem with no noise or power issues.  Very smart idea and well thought out for anyone needing a one stop solution for DC distribution.  A+!
I have 2 of these combo packs and they are simply great! I have 15 pedals connected to these 2 Visual Sound 1 Spot units on my Pedaltrain Pro, and have all the wiring underneath. Looks pretty neat along with the George L's cables that are almost invisible. The 1 Spot works wonderfully and generates no noise, hiss or buzz. Connects and powers great. No need for something fancy to effectively power up to 8 of 9V pedals with one combo pack. The adaptors work great with other than the regular AC connections like those found on MXR or Boss pedals. Highly recommended.
I bought a pedal board and needed power and wires.  Bought this kit.  It is just super.  The 'One Spot' provides the power needed, the wiring is just right for the pedals I've installed.  This is a great set,....all you'll need to get your pedal train wired and running.
I' don't get any hum and it powers what I need it to. A much cheaper route than a DC Brick or a Pedal Power.
Works like a champ.  I only have four pedals on it thus far, but I haven'te had any problems.  No noise issue, no "brown outs" because the power supply couldn't handle the load.  I still have open leads for those other pedals...(smile).  My power strip now has more space for other "toys" to make my weak playing sound better.
Love it. makes plugging in a lot of stomp boxes easy peasy. Quiet power supply, lots of cables and end caps and adapters, for what you'd pay for a single power adapter. It's nice not having to  dig out half a dozen power supplies just to set up and play. About the only thing missing would be some right angle adapters, but I'm sure you can find them somewhere.good quality, and the cord is extremely long for a dc power supply.
This is a very nice way to get rid of all those wall warts and batteries for your pedals. Easily powers my 6 pedals and adds no noise to the signal path. Simple, effective,works as advertised. The extra adapters are a nice touch. Get one, you'll be happy you did.
I love this product.  this will power many pedals with low milliamperage ratings.  No need for expensive large pedalboard power adapters.  For a modest rig, or on the road use, I recommend this product.
I bought this power supply for in home use - I don't do too much gigging or recording, so this is primarily used for practicing or just messing around. The product works very well; I'm able to power 5 of my pedals easily. The cords are plenty long in length, however it is a bit difficult to chain together longer pedals with some shorter ones without the two pedals being right next to each other (i.e. having a wah pedal next to a standard size pedal). However, that is only a minor complaint and in no way effects the usability of the product. I haven't had to use any of the special adapters though, but I plan on getting a Line 6 DL-4, so having the Line 6 adapter is a great added touch. Best of all, all of your power needs for all your pedals only takes up one outlet spot in your home. I've been using this product for months now and have no complaints. You can't beat the price.
This system works good. I use it every gig now, no problems. The leads are actually a little too long, but that's a good thing.
Versus the Godlyke, I'd say this is the better purchase. Though the Godlyke product claims 2000mA of power (2amps), this is slighlty less at 1.7mA (1700mA or 1.7amps). Anyway, if your drawing that much juice using your pedal board, you may want to re-consider what you are using. The product itself is plastic, but seems solid, I believe it will hold up to repeated use no problem. Being plastic though, you do have to be careful not to drop it or have it stepped on or rolled over, etc. I do like the fact that it does have a heavier gauge wire than the Godlyke product and seems slimmer so it will fit more readily into '1 spot' as advertised. The heavier wire means that when someone rolls in their 4x12 cab your power supply cable will have a higher chance of survival. The extender that comes with is good, seems about as generic in length and space between connections as you can get. I only wish it came with two of them. I am using a Pedaltrain Pro board and at 32.9 inches, it will require a pair of the extensions to get to all the pedals. The combo pack also includes some other adapters for those odd pedals that refuse to conform and use 1/8" power connections, some 9 volt adapters for pedals with out any external power. One thing I have not checked yet is the actual output of the supply. A lot of companies think that if their voltage is 'close' to 9 volts, thats good enough. The reality is that this is an indication of poor quality control and lack of intrest in producing a quality product. You will find some higher end devices specifically warn NOT to use anything higher than 9 volts so 9.6 volts isn't 'close enough'. Anyway, while I have not checked the output of the adapter yet, I did fire it up on all the pedals I could power with the one extension that came with and everything worked nice and quiet. It is amazing how having a good quality power source can help eliminate some buzz and other 'noise' from your signal chain. I'd buy this again and in fact I may buy another just as a back up. It is a tad pricey at thirty bucks... feels more like a twenty five dollar item given the all plastic construction but, all in all, a good buy over the competition.
It's a good ideal but the big problem I have is if Ya are using a tube Amp. ( have a 65' Twin Reverb Fender tube ) Ya get one HELL of a HUM. It's so bad I just can't use it at all. I'm not sure about a transistor Amp. but who uses those ????
Sometime round 1994, my friend Kendal built several of these for our band. They were great and incredibly handy. I havent investigated this, but i wondered later when i started seeing them marketed if he had developed the first one or not. Certainly, if he did, he never patented it or anything.Anyway, flash forward 18 years and here i was sitting with my row of stompboxes, resenting batteries and individual power supplies. I thought back fondly to my first sound combo power supply and realized i needed to invest in one again....and so i did. This one comes with some slip covers for any unused adapters. So far, it has lived up to my expectations. I cat speak to playing out with this yet, as i am mostly messing around in my little home studio, but i definitely havent heard any crackle on my recordings or when just amping up and letting loose. So, for such a simple device, you really cant beat it...unless you dont really use boxes. Personally, i presently have my wah, distortion, chorus, overdrive, delay, slap echo, and flanger running through it. Everything works great.Enjoy!
This is perfect. No buzzes, no hums, no nonsense. It's just a simple to use universal power supply for pedals. Save yourself hundreds of dollars and get this. I'm so glad my friend introduced me to this product!
I once dreamed of something like this around 1979 when Guitar Player magazine had a plan to build such a thing. It has 9 volt battery adapaters so that if you have a few MXR pedals from 1979, they will work on this setup. for those who have 9 volt power adapters of the more modern kind, they fit these, too. I got all sorts of stuff plugged in; mini amp, flanger (has AC), equalizer, compressor, fuzz, wah. Love my gizmos. Say good bye to batteries. This is very affordable, too, given the high number of effects it will supply. I could find nothing better on the market for the price and features.
The One spot works very nicely for a pedal board chain.  Everything needed came with the combo, making it ready to go right out of the box.
This is a terrific product.  While the price might seem a little high for a power adapter, it actually serves the function of what you might need several other adapters and daisy chains to accomplish.The key to the OneSpot is the 1700mA output.  By comparison, the Boss PSA-120 adapter puts out 200mA.  Since most stompboxes draw between 5 and 60 mA of power, you could only reliably chain up to about 3 or 4 of them with the BOSS adapter.The combo kit is a great value because it comes with a daisy chain for up to eight pedals, and some other parts for hookups to a 9V adapter or other jacks that I don't use on my pedals.  I use it with BOSS and Ibanez pedals and it works great.  Best of all, there's no added electric "buzzing" noise, which is a problem with many budget power solutions.Also like how the cable hookups are angled instead of straight - makes much more sense for a tight pedalboard.  No more 9V's and no more hooking up multiple cables every time - one simple plug and I'm ready to play!
What makes it better is that it is a kit with most of what you need to power up to 8 pedals.  It comes with various adapters and even has rubber caps to cap of the power outlets you arent using! Powers pedals that have negative tip -like boss, maxon, ibanez, etc, etc.  Even has one reverse adapter for an oddball positive tip pedal!  Also adatper to connect your battery only pedal by connecting to the battery clip!!!One of the best features is that the power plugs are at right angles so they don't stick straight out on pedals that have side jacks...takes up less room on your pedal board.  Also the 8 plugs stretch further out than most other daisy chain cables.The other great feature is the power capacity is greater than boss..it can put out up to 1700mA...which is how it can run up to 8 pedals.A great item at a great price. No brainer solution for anyone with a few pedals or more.
Getting a proper pedal power unit (like Voodoo labs, DC brick, Ciok) is recommended. Even though this has a lot of outlets, each pedal may not receive enough power. I usually use this to power two or three pedals and most of the time it is ok. Any more than that, and you will have some loss of headroom in the pedals. May not power some pedals that have a high current draw.
Does what it says. I have multiple pedals plugged to it and it can handle them. Much cheaper then buying loads of 9v batteries.
I have been trying to find a good vibrato pedal for a long time. I have bought $150 pedals and $100 pedals and I got this one for $25 and it blows all the others out of the water. The only down side to this pedal is that you either need to run it off a 9volt or the Behringer power supply. I couldn't get it to work properly with my pedalboard power or my Pyle-Pro PPDLP02 DC supply. The plastic case feels like it may break at anytime but aside from that I love this pedal more than a puppy playing a harp in the middle of a daisy field in Michigan.
I've been wanting a pitch vibrato pedal for a while but didn't want to spend $350-$500 for an old boss vb-2(which this pedal sounds exactly like) so i looked at this which I didn't really know what to expect but when I got it I was amazed by it, it sounds really good. It maybe less durable than a metal pedal but who cares for this price I wouldn't mind buying a new one if mine broke and considering there is hardly any companies that actually make pitch vibrato's(uni-vibe/Vibe pedals are not pitch vibrato pedals)buying a new one isn't a problem.
I had fairly low expectation for a ~$25 pedal, but many people said it sounded very close, if not better, than a vintage Boss VB-2. Considering I didn't want to spend 20x this pedal, I can't compare the 2 but can say it works very well. It can do subtle low-rate, low-depth to fast shimmers to ridiculous warbles. The rise knob seems to act as a reverse level control, or at least turning it up weakens the effect (which I guess is good, I might swap around the leads). Finally, a non-blue LED is used, which means it won't blind you when you try to adjust the settings.Being $25 however, the plastic case is noticeably cheaper quality and looking compared to even Behringer's $50 pedal, and the hinge is a little less stable. It will still hold up with moderate use. However, it could wear out if you plan on heavily using the latch feature (which is a momentary mode).
SUMMARYGreat pedal, buy it, you'll probably keep it! At its price point - 5 stars. I am keeping it and it is probably going to become a permanant addition to my pedalboard. Only time will tell but I like adding some vibrato for clean sounds. It reminds me a lot of how I used to set up my Super Reverb amp. Compared to all pedals, I'd actually give it 4 stars - downgrading 1 star for the plastic case and the limited functionality of the Rise control. But I liked it so much I decided to score it "at its price point".PROS- dirt cheap at $25 for a new pedal- sounds great - does not add or subtract any frequencies or add any noise (I wish I could say the same for some $200 pedals I've tried.)- Latched/Unlatched mode -- the best feature on the pedal. I love that I can put this in unlatched mode and use it to vibrato in short bursts.- Small form factor - normal "single pedal" size- Standard power supply - 9V Center negative - runs from pedal board power or a battery- The larger foot pedal surface (compared to just a silver bullet switch) is nice for the unlatched mode useCONS- Cheap plastic case - I doubt its durability and would have preferred to pay more for a more durable case.- Latched/unlatched switch is small (hard to reach, have to bend over, can't do with a toe)- Rise control has only the most subtle impact on sound. Probably not needed on this pedal. Two larger controls for the other controls would be a better design for usability.- Like most pedals - the knobs are super small and not easily controlled with a toe, and the settings are hard to see. My favorite pedals have large knobs, well marked settings you can see from a distance, enough space between the knobs to set one without bumping another, and in the best cases, enough space, size, and durability for the knobs to be tweakable by a foot or toe bump.Suggested Redesign, "Super Vibrato" or "Vibrato II"1) Change to a metal case2) Lose the Rise control altogether3) put the latched/unlatched modes on a 2nd stomp switch so you can stomp to go between modes4) Increase the size of and space between the other two controls -- put large "foot controllable" knobs with high visibility knobs.Then again, at 25 bucks, I might just buy a 2nd one and put one in latched and one in unlatched mode.
DOA...no good, out of the box,plug it, nothing.....no way to send it back (I`m not from the States)....meaning...I just wasted away $40 something bucks (add shipping)....I did bought a Behringer pedal before (Tremolo/Pan) with good results, but I guess there`s two sides to this particular low economy pedals....Well, I`ll man up and buy something else...
this pedal is well made plastic but w great electronics made designed by german mind.. it sounds like a chorus and vibrate at once,, wave tone and quiet,, w true bypass on bord.. great pedal for the money,, get it . its worth it. for guitar bass or keys.
behringer may be cheap, but they do create some good products, for this one it's a hit and miss. although i ordered three of them.
This is an amazing pedal. delay , flanger ,phaser , tremolo , pitch shifter. All sound really good and completely adjustable. Only downfall is that you can only use a single function at any one time. For the price this is a steal. Behringer Rocks.
I got this because at just around 32 bucks, its pretty much seemed like a stealcompared to other pedals I was looking at.But a few notes..If you buy this, definitely have/buy a 9v adapter with a (-) polarity.Also know that when people said that little blue light was blinding, well,they weren't kidding. I've put a little paper and tape over mine as well, however it isn't sticking.It might not have the best effects or effect strength, but as my amp has no built in effects, its better than nothing.If you're cheap like me but want effects, this is decent, although the chorus effect seems particularly weak.
i use this pedalwith my acoustic guitar and it just sounds great, for the price and quality sound i can not get a better deal.behringer pedals and joyo pedals are definitely the best for the price and quality.thank u guys.
I have other Behringer products and have never encountered any issues operating them.  I use a power snake instead of batteries so I cannot comment on battery life or compartment access.  The box is plastic but that is not really a hinderence.
I ordered this pedal based on the previous review, but to me it sounds cheap and faint. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as what you get on Fender amps or on my TC Electronics Delay pedal (which includes chorus/vibrato), and I thought that I would go solo with this pedal, but for me it's a no go...
Needed some chorus in my tone and this fit my budget. I have owned multiple Behringer products and trust the brand. It is a plastic casing but I don't tour so that won't be a problem - I needed the effect and it gives it. Fully adjustable for depth, tone, warble and volume. Don't spend $200 on a 'boutique' pedal - get this one.
I wanted to add a chorus to my effects chain and since I have mostly Behringer products (and am more than satisfied with my other pedals) decided to try the CO400. Again I am more than satisfied. A chorus isn't something you use all the time so I expect this one to give me years of good Behringer reliability and service. For someone looking for that extra color in your sound  try this pedal.I think you'll be pleasantly surprised and you sure can't beat the price. A great value for your money.
I've been playing for about 17 years.  Most on my playing is with a bluegrass band here in Columbus, Ga.  My performance guitar is a Martin HD-28 and my practice guitar is a Blueridge BR-180.I wanted a third guitar just for kicks.  I'd been looking a Taylors, but didn't want to spend that much money.Enter the Seagull S6.  A fellow picker asked if I'd ever heard of a Seagull - I hadn't - he said they were nice guitars and I ought to check them out.  So, I did a little research.  I first read all the nice reviews here for the S6 and then went on YouTube and listened to a few.  My guitar is a Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 and I really like it. I choose not to get the cedar top version because the cedar is soft, and I understand that the spruce has more volume. I got the S6 today and this evening my wife, with her Taylor GS Mini, and I, with this S6, played Smokey Mountain Memories.  Nice, real nice guitar.I found that the action on this S6 is pretty good out of the box.  I'm going to take it to my luthier tomorrow and have him install a strap pin/peg on the heel and take a look at the action at the same time, if he can make the action better, I'll let him.  I'm also going to put on some Elixir Light strings.  I don't know what kind of strings are on it out of the box.But, the bottom line is that I am very happy with the playablilty and the action of this Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 acoustic guitar right out of the box.  I'm glad I bought it.
This is my first time buying a guitar without testing it first.I have no regrets.All of the positive reviews extolling the virtues of this excellent guitar model are spot on.If you're in the market, and don't have a grand to spend on a new acoustic guitar, get this North American made gem.You won't regret it.
Seagull guitars have intrigued me for years in photos and on their website, but there is no dealer anywhere near me, so I bought one sight-unseen from Amazon, based on the good reviews. I'm glad to say I can add my voice to the chorus of praise for this innovative design.A traditionalist will need some time to become accustomed to the unusual appearance and construction.  The narrow, reverse-taper headstock and wide fingerboard give this guitar a bottom-heavy look when viewed vertically. Back and sides are cherry with only a light stain, and the binding is dark. The top is natural cedar.As dreadnoughts go, this one is very comfortable to play sitting down. It appears to be based on the Martin outline, but with a slightly rounder lower bout and a narrower upper bout. Weight is pleasantly light, and the semi-gloss finish is comfortable to the touch. Players with broad fingers will appreciate the wide fingerboard, but those with small hands should consider the ""Slim" version, with a neck 0.08" narrower at the nut.Sound is what really counts, however, and this Canadian dreadnought has nothing to be ashamed of there. The maker has the good sense to ship the instrument with high-quality, fresh strings, allowing the new owner to appreciate the notable bass and clear midrange as soon as it is tuned up. Overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume.Buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. Both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). If you are not experienced in these tasks, a local luthier should do it for no more than $30 or so.Based on sound, playability once adjusted, and construction quality, this guitar should definitely be included when comparing instruments in this price range. It is a real standout in value.Update 8 DEC 2012: The more I play this guitar, the more I love it. It delivers balanced sound with good dreadnought "snap", and once the action was dialed in, the broad fingerboard relieves finger crowding I didn't fully realize hindered my playing. I am considerng replacing my Takamine mini-jumbo with a Seagull equivalent.
This 7 band eg. is a great way to change the sound of your guitar. It has more flexability than just a tone knob. It's easy way to get scooped metal or just fine tune the sound of you amp and guitar. Highly recomended!
Product arrived in exactly condition as described by the seller.  This unit allows for great sweeping of frequencies.  the 15 dB pull in each direction for each of the seven bands are filter worthy,  My only dissatisfaction lies in the amount of noise this unit adds to my chain when engaged.  When inactive this unit is transparent, no tone suckage.  When this unit is engaged, each frequency band carves the sounds nicely however, consideration to have this unit modified to reduce its noisy output has begun for me at least.  I am thankful for the internet and the opportunities it presents for me to MOD this Pedal.
Bought this distortion pedal for our son...who plays his electric guitar daily. He loves the functionality of it as well as the ease of use. It also produces a nice &#34;distorted&#34; sound quality and tone (I don't know if I would agree, as my generation hails from a different genre of music). But he loves it and I guess that's all that matters!
I've always liked Behringer products ,There prices are pretty reasonable and the quality cant be beat.I just ordered there blues pedal cant wait for that one !
I am well pleased with the quality and performance of these cables. I have used them with my bands PA system and they work nicely. I would and do recommend them to anyone looking for quality at an affordable price.
I liked it. Very useful for connecting rack components between. Great idea in different colors. I will buy it again.
I use this to patch in four ports from aBBE DI-400 4 Channel Active Direct Box Direct Injection DI Boxand two from anAlesis Mic Tube Duo Stereo Tube Microphone Preamplifierinto a mixer. First, the size is perfect in my rack configuration. The cables easily reach, and the color coding makes it a snap to see at a glance what is connected to what. That is a great improvement over tags and labels that require you to get close to read.What makes these a bargain is construction. The insulators are tough and do not easily nick when being dragged around on rough stages. However, it's the attention to small construction details that I love. The XLR ends are quality components, but cheap, ill fitting junk that some companies use to keep costs down. And unlike those cheap ones these will mate and disengage smoothly. Another factor is the strain reliefs at each end. Those keep the conductors from fraying or breaking inside the cable, which will often occur at cable ends on cables without them.Overall each cable in this set is constructed to withstand frequent set-up and teardown, and is built to last. If you are shopping for patch cables in this size these are a great value in my opinion because you will probably not have to replace them for years.
for any sound techs that like to make things simple and easy to work,these XLR jumper cables are the way to go, and the quality is impressive . I used them for a new set of wireless mike to jump into my 16 channel board and was it so easy, my mikes are color coded and my cable fitted right in with the same color code thus making it easy to identify from afar and easy to control on the mixing board.
It's a stand, it does what it's supposed too?  That being said, I try not to use stands as they are extremely unreliable.  I use these to put my instrument down for a short time only.  These are by far some of the better made ones I've found without a contraption to &#34;lock in&#34; my instrument and give a false sense of security.  These are made no where near how they used to be 20 years ago, in a negative way, but the foam/ medical piping has gotten better as the old stuff used to scuff and deteriorate really quickly.  I'd prefer a better stand, however, I question it's existence.
This OnStage "Heavy Duty Guitar Stand" is exactly what we were looking for to hold my son's acoustic guitar. Here are my observations:+ Easy to Setup; takes just a few seconds+ Sturdy; free standing design works well+ Neck Retainer; adds a degree of protection from accidental knocksThis is a great basic stand that works exactly like we hoped!Highly Recommended!CFH
This is a good stand.  I've had other stands of tubular construction in the same price range before, and this one is definitely much sturdier.  It fits every guitar I've put in it just fine, and holds them rather steady even without fastening the clumsy band across the neck.  If you have ever been tempted to lean your guitar against something, then you owe it to your instrument to pick one of these up.
I have gone through a lot of stands and this one for the money is Great. As a matter of fact, I ordered 2 more. Get this one and have No Regrets........
I think it's good but for wiping down after playing or for buffing after wax on my classical guitar bodies, I think I prefer the old flannel cloths instead. Micro-fiber seems to be slicker and generally did not feel that it was doing the job (mostly removing finger prints etc). Maybe it needs to wear out a bit or if it had a thicker nap to it.
I chose this rating because I found this product superior to other similar products I have purchased in the past.
This is a good micro-fiber cloth, but I guess because its from Ernie Ball it costs more than other clothes.  But if you are like me, its all about my axes, I have one in each gig bag/case!  I don't recommend using with polish, just a wipe down after each guitar or bass use.
Surprisingly this cloth is both soft and durable.  Works well with polish on natural wood instruments.  I plan to get another one for my laptop computer because of it's cling quality to dust.
Removes grime and such. Makes surfaces very smooth(I don't know how it works individually, I used it with Gerlitz cleaning spray). It works well with cleaning spray.
does a good job polishing my strat after playing, reasonably priced, definitely something to keep around if you play your guitar regularly!
Awesome little untreated polishing cloth. I have purchased these for all of my guitars (more than I care to admit) and they are fantastic. They clean great, removing all oil and fingerprints and they are reasonably priced. Awesome product to keep your axe looking great.
Good quality cables , bright colors make identification easy when hooking up to a mixer , this makes it easy to follow whats going to where , good connectors and nice flexible cable , does the job very well, with care they should hold up well , thumbs up for GLS
*Incredible quality and value.These cables are high quality in every respect and are much better than I expected for the price.They use heavy duty wire and insulation, and are well constructed. They employ quality connectors, and have strain reliefs on each end.The dual velcro ties are another indication of the quality of these cables, and the color coding is a big plus as well.Not only is the product outstanding, but I was contacted by the seller after the purchase to make sure I was happy with the cable set.I am so pleased with this purchase that I am a customer for life.*
Very happy with these cables. Just finished cutting my first home multi track recording and they did the job. Well made and look and feel sturdy.
XLR cables are hard to mess up...these are great. They do the trick. Why bother making your own cables when you can buy them already made this cheap?
I had purchased this cord and a 25' cord for an assignment I was going on. I had previously  bought a shorter cord that just didn't fit tight enough into the mic.  This one and the other one I bought were really a great, well made product and fit the mics tight and as they should.  I would recommend these cords and will look to purchase other lengths soon
Ok, 6 TRS patch cables, 6' long each for $30.00? I was skeptical when I purchased these, but I'm happy that I did and will soon be ordering at least 6 more.  Absolutely no noise from my mixer to my stand-alone recorder or to my computer-based interface.Excellent value.Update:  I just received another set of these cables.  I'm extremely happy with the build quality and performance.  I'll be looking at additional items from this company.
I recently bought these for my home studio, so far so good, keyboards to mixer. They are a little flimsy, but so far no problems, have extras if necessary, high end cables also break down. They were packaged very good and the cable wraps are a plus. For the price and selection and results, works for me.
The title says it all.  There is literally no better deal on the net for the quality you receive!  I've been using my cables very happily for 2 months now with no problems!  If you're looking for some good TRS cables....look no further!!
They look nice and do the job perfectly well.  The price is not too bad.  The colours help with organization.
Besides that fact that they are quality cables, the colors are pretty dope and really stand out nicely in the studio.
The Fulltone Full Drive 2 is another incarnation of the original Fulldrive. Now with MOSFET circuitry available via toggle switch, this just makes the pedal even more flexible. Not to mention boutique quality at a working man's price.This device is built solid and sports a powder blue coat finish. The volume knob gives you lots of gain, the tone knob is a "presence" control, the overdrive knob adjusts the level of overdrive, and then there is the boost level. Yes, this is a 2-switch pedal, so when you are playing a chunky rhythm you can step on the "boost: switch for a great lead tone.The toggle switch in between the tone and drive knobs affect the pedals tonal character as well as how the knobs affect each other. There is "comp cut" allowing for a cleaner boost, FM for "flat mids," and "vintage" for a more Tubescreamer tone.As a bonus, the pedal is also capable of running on 18v power for cleaner headroom, which is handy for hum bucker pick-ups.If you have the scratch and are, looking for a perfect OD pedal then look at the Fulldrive 2. It may wind up having a permanent position on your pedal board.
So far so good with this pedal. Nice clean boost and a good overdrive sound when the second stage is activated.I mainly play relatively clean through a tube amp and use this pedal to simply cut through on the leads.I don't use this pedal for searing leads or ultra dirty sounds - just a little dirt - and two levels of it.It makes a good single channel amp act like a three channel amp and so far it is working great!Main amps - 1960 Bassman - 2012 Fender Hot Rod Deluxe - 1957 Fender Bandmaster - these amps sound great with this pedal - I don't use all three at the same time but one of these amps is with me when I play out.This pedal is very versatile and there are lots of good sounds in there so you will probably find something you like in there - but I don't think it will metal very well by itself but it would kick the front end of a good tube amp into another level of distortion pretty good.*****************************************09/27/2013Still lovin' this pedal. You gotta run it on 18 volts to really wake it up.This pedal has a lot of various dirty sounds - and is very versatile.I would purchase another if I needed it.Worth every penny.
Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well.  Exactly as described in the ad.
ok when i saw the bag i was impressed nice looking and perfect style so i decided to buy it but the bag just arrive home "12/23/11" and is way different from the one on the picture is a black bag with one ugly red line on the middle and it looks like is not going to protect my guitar i am really upset, i would not returned because i don't feel like fighting with no body but they shouldn't do that to the costumer we pay how much they asking so a least we should get what we pay for.
I'm very happy when I got this gig bag. Good quality and Thik cussion. Good enough to travel around this world with peace of mind.Best price with free shipping! That's good enough? Finish your serch and buy this one. I highly recomended this. PS.-this gig bag cannot fit full size guitar, OK?
Quick and accurate.  I also like to use the bypass mode as a standby switch for changing guitars.  Doesnt register notes well with both pickups engaged though.
If you are like me that you love playing music, this is a good buy. It pretty much does what it's supposed to. So, you plug it and it's ready to use. It's pretty fast, and accurate for it's price. Light weight.The only thing that it takes a little longer is to tune the 6th string.Overall, it's good enough to buy it.
Bought this in early March this year & have it in-line with my other effects pedals on my pedal board. No problems with it at all. It works as advertised. I've found it to be better quality than the on board tuner that comes in my Fender G-Dec amp so what does that tell you?Not sure what the other low ratings for this pedal are all about because I love mine. For the money you can't get one that touches it. So what if it's not $100+? That means you have more green stuff to buy other things.Since buying this one & having it work so well, I now own a couple of other Behringer pedals.
Every Guitarist needs a good tuner! and everyone knows Boss makes some of the best products. The fact is tho I really cant afford to spend 90-100usd for a tuner! When I received this unit I decided first thing I was going to do was to compare it to my other hand held chromatic tuners. They all work the same. Using this pedal I am able to obtain the same results, that's good enough for me. Activating the tuner takes a little over 2-3 seconds, but that's fine since I usually tune within breaks and you hardly need to tune especially when you have a good guitar/tuning pegs.
for musicians in a budget this is the deal, it is not the best but it still does the job.not very powerful to read the signal of strings in my acoustic guitar as it does the Boss tuner, but for electric or bass is fine.very accurate too. just gettit if u are in a budget.
WOW, I got more than I expected from this Chromatic Tuner, Sure it's a plastic case, but who would be rough on a pedal anyways, had it about 3 weeks now, and im impressed, I see people say the blue indicator light is too bright, but truthfully, its OK, because the tuner lights are plenty bright enough, if it is too bright for you, just put a little piece of black tape over the light, but like i said its OK cause you can still see the tuner lights, I use this pedal with theVisual Sound One Spot Combo Pack, works like a charm.
i had no issues with this, got it so i could tune on stage while playing without making lots of noise. works great, does exactly what it says, definetly get the power supply with it, so you never have to worry about a battery. i said but in the headline because i only used it 3 times.
This is not a gigging pedal. You do not have time to tune with this pedal at a gig, so if you're planning on gigging in the next month or so spend the $50 on a Korg. However if you're an at-home player who just wants to not have to mess around with regular electric tuners, this is worth the price. It sits right on the pedal board, the signal flies through it when it's off so there's no monkeying with your cables everytime you want to switch between standard and Drop D, and it's as accurate as the Korg is. It's just also slow. It takes a good 2-3 seconds to register a change, which is fine when you're just practicing or even for recording at home where a few seconds aren't crucial. I just recommend something a little faster if you need to tune quickly between songs.
Seems great need more time to explore what it can do...
Not bad at all, this unit tunes really well, same as the Boss original, the only difference is that this one takes like 1 sec to respond after the pedal is activated, the Boss is instantaneous, other than that both units behave exactly the same. Some criticize this brand for making cheap clones but the truth is that they are making musicians on a budget a great favor, for those of you who do not want to spend $100 on a tuner this one is just perfect; since I am a collector I have other brands to compare (Boss, Korg, Fender...) and it is the same thing, it is as accurate as the Boss , at least mine is, and is a good mute switch also, I am happy with mine....
thing works fine... easy to understand settings ..sturdy enough.. lights nice an bright. i like it..use with power supply and not batteries..works best
So far this cable has worked very well. It has had no issues at all. For the money you cannot even make your own.
Great price but very fragile.  I'm a 30 year radio pro always careful about my cables.  The end separated from the cable - not very good quality, would not buy this brand again.
Love these pedals good buy
Double bass pedal has a quality build.Solid frame, quiet mechanism.Easy to build and breaksdown for transport.Solid attachment to bass drum.Easy to adjust with reversible mallets.As nice as any pedal twicecas expensive, so great value.
These pedals are great!! A friend of mine said I should buy other pedals because these pedals aren't manufactured by a very known brand name but I went with my own judgement and I was not disappointed with them. I have increased my speed a lot since I've gotten em and I can pedal songs like "All Nightmare Long" and "Beast and the Harlot" now  =]  great pedals. BUT, it takes time to develop speed so don't think the pedals suck just because you barely get em and you can't go all Jason Costa on em
I bought this for my son's 7th birthday. He badly needed an upgrade from his Ludwig Jr Kit's bass pedal. This is a great pedal for younger kids, or people learning the double bass for the first time. Seems a little slow, but, as I said, for my 7 year old it is perfect. Seems well build, but for pros or the gigging musician, you may want to save up some change and buy a better pedal. 5 stars because of the price and what I was expecting to get. I wasn't expecting pro level gear for a sub $100 pedal.
This is, by far my favorite pedal on my pedal board, but you should know somethingi hate it at first, because i had a solid state amp, and this one sounded like crap(sorry for the bad word), then i got a tube amp, and omg, its like GOD in person.I really really recomend this one.
For the money this is a tremendous pedal.  The next step up might be the new MXR Bonamassa tube pedal but that is almost double the price.  By the way Bonamassa does use this pedal albeit a fairly old one ... maybe the maxon made version.  I doubt there is that much difference...  Very well made and useable and effective tone controls unlike other pedals that I find only click in at the ends of the adjustments and the middle area is modest.  It is great and I kinda like the great look.  You really have to watch the prices cause they do fluctuate a fair bit .  It has gone up more than 10 percent in just a few weeks..
If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS9. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS808 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great.
First off, this is a great, classic pedal that has shaped the tones of rock and blues artists all over the musical map.  It's actually a reissue of the pedals Ibanez made in the 1980's, though there's some debate over whether or not  the modern circuitry retains all of that original tone.  In my opinion, unless you're being purposefully picky or have the most elite of trained ears, you would never be able to tell the difference.  The construction is sturdy (metal and actually heavier-feeling than a BOSS pedal).  The LED light, for some reason, is difficult to see from an angle, but that's largely an irrelevant gripe.But let's be clear what a "Tube Overdrive" pedal is and isn't.  This is NOT a distortion petal like the Boss DS-1 or Metal Zone (MT-2).  It is also not a "fuzz" pedal like you would hear on a Jimi Hendrix song.  It is not meant for heavy rock/metal/grunge type music.  If you need heavy distortion to mask sloppy playing, the TS9 is not for you.What it DOES do, however, is to boost the signal at the front end, which essentially results in a more dynamic done with additional gain.  This can result in a very midrange-heavy "blues" tone (Stevie Ray Vaughan used it quite a bit), or even a nice "crunch" overdrive tone (AC/DC) for rhythm work.  Some guitars use it simply to boost their signal without adding a bunch of additional gain.  It also works well with other distortion pedals for that purpose.Long story short - the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer really is one of the more versatile pedals you will use - just don't expect it to create every range of sounds you need right out of the box.  For a cheaper alternative, consider Digitech's surprisingly good "Bad Monkey" overdrive pedal, which is half the price and gives you more control over tone.  I've also compared this to BOSS's BD-2 Blues Driver, which is an excellent, but very different style of overdrive.  (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style).  If you start with a good amp and guitar setup, the Tubescreamer will sound great.  It won't completely transform your tone, but it will give your current tones a boost, make those solos really sing and those rhythm chords really crunch.
I've owned a TS808 since I purchased it used in the 80s for around $20.  Yes, this is a great overdrive.  This pedal has many famous users and it has been used on many iconic recordings.  Pair this with a strat and run it into an amp on the verge of breakup - now you're in tone heaven.  But the plain truth is this:  there are tons of pedals out there now that do what this does - and they do it for a fraction of the cost of the 808 reissue.  This was the original but by no means the last word in overdrives.  I own a boatload of other dirt boxes and while this one is iconic it's not the most transparent or versatile. There is a 'mid hump' in the EQ of this pedal that either sits well with what you are playing or it doesn't.  I'm glad I own mine but I don't think I'd shell out what they are charging these days for the reissue.  If I am not mistaken both the TS9 and the TS7 can be modded to this circuit with less than 25 cents in parts and about 15 minutes of your time.  If this pedal came in under the $100 mark it would be more deserving of five stars.  I really hate to burst anyone's bubble but SRV's tone was really in his fingers.  And so is yours ;)
Years ago I owned an original edition TS808; I loved that pedal and used it for years on stage.  Eventually I sold it many years later, but I always missed that pedal, so I decided to give this reissue a try. My verdict: Awesome - It sounds just like I remember. The TS808 just has that 'certain something' that really brings out a nice smooth overdrive sound, especially when it's to enhance the overdrive sound you may already have.
I have only used one of these with a hybrid tube amp and a solid state but I hear that it will work with either tube or solid state amplifiers. It really gives my amplifier a warm overdriven sound. This pedal can be used to boost your guitar sound during solos or certain guitar parts. This pedal has three preamp settings: Ts9, Hot, +, and Turbo. It's great for solos and warm blues or rock rhythm guitar. One nice thing about this is it responds well to how soft or hard you pluck the strings. For example: if you set on the "Turbo" setting and pick with your fingers it will clean up nicely. If you pluck hard it will make a smooth distorted sound. If you want a metal sound, then I recommend the Metal Zone by Boss/Roland.BOSS MT-2 Metal Zone Overdrive Distortion Pedal
If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS808. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS9 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great.
This unit is like a old blue jeans. Problaly exist betters pedals, but it's produce the vintage overdrive that match with everything...
I am a tone freak. I bought this pedal a while back under the impression that it would sound equal to a big muff. At the time i had never owned a big muff. I thought the sound it produced was big muff sound. I later took it to my friends house and matched settings with a real big muff. The difference was huge. The big muff sounded fuller where the little one sounded like you just took the sound and trapped it in a little box. I later bought a big muff and its been one of my go to pedals for at least three years of gigging. I am currently loving it still but i am curious about the nano big muff because i am looking to clear out space on my board but i will probably not use it if it sounds anything less than the real deal. I would only use the little big muff if my concerns for sound were out shined by the need to minimize board space
If you're not familiar with EHX's signature distortion/fuzz pedal the Big Muff, please go to a guitar shop somewhere and try one out.  Describing its sound with words helps, but doesn't really do it justice.  It definitely owns its own sonic territory and after playing through one for a while you'll see why so many guitarists of so many fields have one on hand.They're one of my very favorite effects, honestly.  So for this review, I'm going to focus more on how the Little Big Muff stacks up against the other models.For starters, this version takes care of ALL of the common complaints regarding the NYC reissue.1.  Its true bypass.2.  Its much smaller (not super tiny like a Boss, but a little slimmer than, say, the wider MXR pedals like the Phase 100).3.  It uses a normal 9v adapter jack (thank you, finally!).4.  It sounds better.Yes, it indeed SOUNDS better than the NY Reissue.  Some have complained about the buzzy sound the recent reissue has.  This one is smoother.  Not as creamy as the Russians, but it also doesn't suck tone like that one does either.  Its a touch higher gain than both the Russians and the Tone Wicker versions, but all in all it absolutely is a Big Muff.So if you're in the market for one of these, and you don't want the options the Tone Wicker Muff provides, this is absolutely where its at.  Its better in every way than the NY Reissue.Also, it costs less money! Yay!
The Little Big Muff does one thing spectacularly well: it delivers massive fuzz-plus-sustain. For that purpose, it's excellent, both in sound and construction (it feels like a metal brick). However, be warned: if you're looking for a standard "distortion pedal," this is not it. It's a fuzz pedal. It delivers ferocious fuzz but is not a general purpose distortion pedal (like, say, a BOSS DS-1). If a great fuzz pedal is what you want, this is a superb choice--and, so far as I know, the best one for its price. If the price is still too much for you, consider the ModTone Fuzzer, which is about as good but substantially cheaper (at least as I write this).
This is an interesting, limited effect pedal. I bought it mainly to use with my (non-pedal) steel guitar. On a pedal steel you can bend notes with the pedals and levers, and most steel players use a volume pedal to do swells. However, I play standing up and manipulating the volume pedal was difficult to control because of balancing on one foot and the sensitivity of some of the pedals.This pedal gives a simulation of the volume swells that give steel guitar that distinctive sound. It's sort of like an automatic wah in the way it works. Since the steel is always being played by picking the individual strings (no chording), this pedal works along with that technique. I combine it with a sustainer to make the swells extend a little, and it gives a fair approximation of using a volume pedal to swell the notes.I tried this with regular guitar, but it's not the same. For chords, it does add an effect, but it's not very distinctive, and for single notes, it would depend on the song. I haven't really found many instances where it's useful there either, as I normally don't want volume swells for solos on guitar, but on steel guitar, it works very well.
It's a cool pedal, especially considering it's price, but don't be fooled. All this pedal does is perform volume swells. Any other sound you are able to create with this pedal, you wouldn't JUST be using this pedal. Think of it as a supplumentary effect. If you want to really get cool sounds with this pedal, you need to use it in combination with other effects; Reverse delay, wah, distortion, etc.It's convenient too, if you are playing and you want use volume swells, but you also want to use other effects like wah, whammy, something else that requires the attention of your feet. If you get the settings right you can just click this effect on and it will take care of the swells. I would say thats probably the best part about the pedal and the biggest reason to get it. Pure convenience.It has it's quirks though, If you set the sensitivity all the way at minimum it drastically cuts down your sustain. To the point where its non-existent. But the purpose of having the dial set like that is so that you can play loud and fast and still have the effect behave properly. If sensitivity is increased to say halfway and you try to play loud and fast, the volume effect will only occur on the first note struck... the rest will just play as if the effect was off.Other than that, its built well, doesnt add any hiss. no noticeable signal loss, other than if the sensitivity is at min. The battery compartment is a pain to get to thats for sure. power adapters are your friend.It's cheap, its convenient. But i wouldn't recommend it for someone who is more into metal or fast and loud styles of play because that pretty much renders this pedal useless... especially since that style usually results in moments where you want to hit and sustain a note in the middle of playing hard and fast... that type of thing will make this pedal a useless hunk of plastic and circuitry. Oh that reminds me, the casing is plastic...:-/
It was Not what I wanted. When A Person has a low Income We can Not afford what We can Not use. I was looking for what Is called Shimmer most Reverbs do Not have Shimmer as the RV600 Because Digitech called Shimmer, String Swell and Volume Swell Is linked to the Violin Sound It cost Me 30.00 Its called Slow Motion for a reason because It has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear It Is with Over Drive being played on the high Strings. It might be good for playing with a Bow, I have No Idea because I can Not afford a Bow.
There is such a thing as too much.  You'll find it in this pedal.  I have both this and the Boss distortion pedals, and prefer the Boss.
Real good variation from full out (RAT like) to not so much saturation. The treble and bass control make HUGE sound differences. Its plastic so dont jump on it! The 1 & 2 ( I dont use the boost but its cool) make it that much more versatile. You wont be sorry! Almost bought a Big Muff or another RAT but Im glad I spent WAY less money.
I'm an acoustic player, but every once in a while I break out the Strat just to have some fun and get a little variety.  I wanted to get some of the cool 70s fuzz going just to play around and experiment.  For me, this pedal was a great way to do that.With electric guitar, I'm not a tone freak and I don't need everything to sound 100% authentic.  For me, this pedal gets you 80% of the way there.  It has two different types of fuzz and plenty of flexible with the controls.If you're comparing this to $80 Boss fuzz pedal, this one is probaly a lower build quality (e.g. made from plastic), but it's also only $25.  I'm not taking it gigging or stomping on it in my garage, so I'll gladly take the savings.
None of the problems on/off that plague the Cry Baby.  Better sound too!  People are sold on that because of its association with Hendrix.  But THIS is the original, and the best.  Obligatory.
Well long story short this is my fourth Vox wah. Others have come and gone, some have been around longer than others but this one is the newest so im still working with it. sounds like the classic v847 but has the ac plug on it, that will come in handy. not as versatile as the JS big bad wah but far less complex and less likely to have issues with dust and dirt. it has a wide sweep and killer tone but im still looking for that sweet spot that gives that wah'o sound when doing solo work. so far so good not perfect but good.
I just got this and I've noticed that it when I activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... I have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent.  There may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you.
I was amazed by the quality of construction of this item. It looks like it can put a dent in a car or break windows.The chrome on the sides looks very cool. Makes it look really smart.The battery installs easily by simply unscrewing the rubber feet at the bottom.The sound of this wah is pretty much exactly like Hendrix Clapton from the sixties. Its a wah and wah and does just that.I tried it on both clean and distorted sounds and it sounds great on both.I'm not sure if its a true bypass but I have a feeling it is. Because when its switched on without the battery there's no sound coming from it. Correct me if I"m wrong.It's different sounding from the Crybaby wah. You should listen to both to know which is right for you. I wanted the "Tales of Brave Ulysses" sound so I went with this.
i started useing these about 3 yrs ago they are worth the investmentthere grat for a long performance takes alot of pressure off the shoulderif you have never used one befor try it you will like it
The padding is comfortable but slightly heavy, Velcro flaps make installation easy. The only thing I do not like is that it is prone to slide around on my nylon strap. I will probably use double sided tape to attach it to the strap, I feel they should ave designed the inner flap with something less slippery.
I'm not a big fan of Planet Waves because they ruined the Dare Strap, but this is a good product - it definitely helps alleviate the weight on your shoulder.
Very big, very cushioned. I didn't notice that it helped all that much with the weight of my bass, but helped a little. Almost thought it was a little too cumbersome, kind of bit into my neck a little.
This strap is cool, it is black, made of nice material with gel padding, and it Velcros open and closed so that you can just take it on and off a guitar strap without undoing the strap from the person or the guitar. Like a clasp it just wraps around the strap and Velcros. Where I once noticed pressure and chaffing from my nylon strap, now I feel nothing but a heavy pad which puts no pressure on me whatsoever. Adds about 2 lbs to the weight of your guitar. Get it if your strap isn't feeling good, other brands work too but you have to thread it through the strap which suckssss. This one is legit.
To heavy....it doesn't stay where you need it. slips down becuase of wieght.. get something else or larger strap to dispers wieght of the guitar...
After researching overdrive pedals for what seemed like forever, I chose the Fulltone OCD. The reviews on Amazon helped as well, along with Youtube demos and guitar mags. What finally made my choice for me was when I found out that Robin Trower used one for his last 2 U.S. tours befor Fulltone made him a sig model.Okay, this pedal is very versatile for an overdrive. The HP/LP switch alone gives you a very distinct tone for solos or rhythm, and tweaking the dials adds to the fun (I'm constantly playing with the tones; a minor adjustment makes a huge difference). The coolest thing is that this pedal is responsive to your playing dynamics; picking softly dials down the OD, then you can just unleash the crunch with harder attacks...much better than trying to roll-off the volume. The true-bypass is great, as you lose no original signal when not engaged. As of now, this is my favorite piece of gear.If you're looking for massive distortion, keep looking. But this will be my 'go to' blues/rock pedal for quite some time.
I picked up this pedal used along with DS-1 Keeley modded distortion pedal not entirely knowing what to think.  Long story short, the mod DS-1 is getting returned and I'm keeping my Fulltone OCD.First, a word about the negative reviews...it tells you something when a small handfull of people completely trash something, but the 13 other reviews (as of Sept. 2012) were all 5-star reviews. It tells me that the people who ripped on the tone of the pedal didn't know what the pedal was before they tried it.  And anyone complaining about the price - this is a hand-crafted pedal that is extremely well constructed (the inside circuitry is pristine) and built to last for decades.  I think the ratings should reflect quality first and foremost.Now, let's talk about how the pedal sounds!  It's marketed as an overdrive/distortion.  I had a lot of people try to steer me away from it because I indicated I was looking for a distortion pedal, but I was actually quite surprised at how much gain and sustain the pedal has.  It is much more an "overdrive" in the sense that it keeps the tonal characteristics of your guitar and amp, but boosts the level in gain in a very full, rich sound.  The sound has a lot of "bass" to it, but unlike a Tubescreamer (TS-9), it's definitely not "muddy".  In fact, if you're tired distortion pedals sounding tinny and weak on a combo act, this might be exactly what you need.The battery is accessible behind 4 hand screws and moderately involved to get to, but an AC adapter is really the way to go.  It's a standard plug like you find on BOSS and Ibanez pedals, but you can use a 9V or 18V.  I've read some reviewers say that 18V gives you more headroom, while some actually prefer the 9V sound.  Honestly, I tried both and didn't discern any difference - it probably only matters at very loud volumes with cabinets.Finally, there is an LP/HP switch, and it's really a matter of preference and setup how you use it.  I've been mostly using the LP setting, which has plenty of output but avoids the shrill highs that I hate.  But in a live setting (or to use it as a boost for soloing), the HP setting could be quite useful, as it is designed the emphasize the mids and highs to "cut through" the other instruments on stage.If I had to summarize this pedal, I would describe it as a Tubescreamer you can rock with.  Which is not to say that it's "better" than the Tubescreamer, necessarily, but it definitely has a larger range of gain and tone.  Put this on your pedalboard and you may find yourself using it as your go-to for rhythm/chord sections, soloing, or both.
Well it's made nicely, but output is not strong, sensitivity brings notes together, on the bright side but there's little ciean sustain, i'm going to work with it more, that's compressor's.
I use several Behringer components in my set-up (e.g., my mixer, PA Speakers, effects, accessories, etc.) including this pedal.  I have confidence in the Behringer name and always feel like I'm getting a good solid piece of equipment that I can rely on.  This pedal is no exception - it's a sturdily built effects pedal that will give you exactly what you are looking for in a compressor pedal.  I don't like to depend on battery power for any critical components if I don't have to so I also purchased the Behringer PSU-SB Power Supply General Purpose DC 9V Power Adaptor available on Amazon along with this.  Great price, sturdily built, great compressor effect !!!
Not the same as a MXR so don't get your hopes up on that. It is however a great compressor for the money and useful for many applications, I find myself using it for bass more than guitar but its great for either.
Let's face it, I'm sure there are better compressors than this for about 3 to 4 times the price but this brought my amp into the light. Bright, crisp, clean, balanced sound reproduction. Got the Danelectro wall wart for it. Worked great. The free shipping was lighting fast and I got more than I bargain for. Get one!
once i used these picks for the first time, i never could use different picks ever again! and its a great price, BUY THEM!
I love guitar picks. I have tested  alot of them, and this is by far the best one that I have found yet. They are perfect to hold, and very tough, although I do wear through them quickly, but I do that to all picks.
Almost a perfect pic for me. I use a .73mm. Just wish it was more like a fender pic finish...that being fender seems to stick to your fingers better. This pic seems to have a coating that makes is slightly softer to the touch or something.  Still prefer this pic to the fender because this one holds up much much better- in comparison to fender mediums.
Between the blue and the yellow, I have my needs covered.  These have a weird feeling when you first get them, like they have powder on them.  But within 10 minutes of using it, it'll stick with you much better.  I love these picks.
I've tried every gimmicky thing you can imagine and have always gone back to what simply works, these Dunlop Tortex .73mm picks, I've tried different brands, shapes and sizes and they all just get in the way, these aren't slick like some of the others, they stay in my hand and they wear ok (as long as I don't get too wild) and if I ever do drop one they show up super easy on the floor due to their bright yellow color, I would be lost if they quit making these or changed them any, hopefully they don't, these are great!
use it on acoustic and electric always lose them before i ever wear them out.  I dont go any lighter than the yellow picks sometimes i use the green which are a little thicker.
I always keep a lot of these on hand. These are the only picks I use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals). Since I play for several hours nearly every day I have a tendency to go through a lot of picks. These definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that I have used. For example, I can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a Musician's Gear pick or a Fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks. The weight is great for my style of playing. They seem more durable than other brands. They're inexpensive and since I play a lot of hours I always keep lots of these on hand. I love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!!
I've been using Dunlop Tortex picks for years, with the .60 and .73 being my mainstays for acoustic & electric picking.  They feel great, they're easy to hold on to, and they have exactly the amount of give & attack needed for my style of playing.  If I have any complaint, it's that the edges wear down with use, sometimes quite rapidly.  Still, they play so well, it's worth the cost of regular replacement.
Dunlop slides are nice and smooth with rounded edges, they sound great, they're indestructable (so far) and they're supremely affordable.  I own a few of them.  I prefer a shorter one most of the time, but I use this one often, as well.Sure, you can spend more on a slide, but I see no reason to.
I bought this after mistakenly getting the same model in a size 8. This one actually fits, and works great one both my acoustic and electric.
Dunlop always makes top-notch products, so when it came time to find a slide, I knew where to look. This one produces a great tone, and is well-made. Like the other reviewers mention here, you might want to invest in a slide case to prevent this thing from getting smashed to bits. For general home use though, I wouldn't worry about it too much though.
I thought my fingers were medium according to the sizing guide, but no, my fat fingers are not medium.
This Jim Dunlop 210 Dunlop Bottleneck Slide is basically a glass tube and so far seems pretty durable.  I will not get it to describing this specific product in detail because, well, its just a tube.  I think I already mentioned something about it being sturdy.A bottleneck slide is always nice to have one to replicate someone else's guitar sound or create your own.  Whether you get brass or glass is your preference.  Yes, they do have different tonal qualities, so you may want to try or buy both.Happy playing.  Cheers!~J
new to playing slide guitar  I have lots of fun with this one  it is fragile so care must be taken as to not drop it ... would buy more from this company
I have a large hand and this slide is very loose on my finger. I will order a smaller size. I am trying to learn a few slide riffs. This thick glass sounds fantastic on the strings, My bad for ordering one too large.
I have large hands (I wear an XXL glove) but I guess not thick fingers (Ring Size 12/13). If you want to use this one on your ring finger, consider getting a smaller size.As for the tone of the slide, it is very warm and has great sustain due to the very heavy glass!
I thought that a large would be perfect for my fat digits but this thing is big. It really doesn't affect play at all so it doesn't matter.
Seriously, just stop.Don't be like me and wonder what all the fuss is for years, just go ahead and get a pair. They are just awesome. When I finally got mine, I opted for the anniversary edition as they were on sale, and I am seeing the regular athm50s right now for $119!! That's crazy cheap.I had some rather inexpensive Sony headphones for about eight years(still have them actually) that are comfy and sound good, but not entirely accurate. The ATHM50S are really solid studio headphones. I can't imagine why I have taken soooooo long to try them for myself. They exude quality and are comfy, even when I'm wearing my glasss which many headphones are not. Not for long seasons anyway.I use the ATHM50S in my home studio and I have started taking them along in my gear bag for studio sessions along with a 15' headphone ext cable.I feel oSo foolish having lived without these cans for so long, don't you do the same!
I bought these to replace a pair of ATH-M45s I had for 6 years. I used my old headphones for listening to music and for tracking in my recording studio. These have assumed the same role and perform wonderfully. I play a lot of electric drums and these cans do a great job of isolating the outside world from what I hear inside the headphones. Listening to music on them is a joy. Everyone has an opinion about a &#34;burn in&#34; period, mine seemed to open up at about 50-60 hours. I listen to music about 3 - 4 hours a day.
They sound just like i thought they would.  I love them and use them when i play guitar and they sound awesome.I would buy these again.
I also own Bose Quiet Comfort 15's and AE2's, and the Grado S80i's. these have become my favorites. The Grado's have tight but somewhat weak bass, and amazing (but sometimes too shrill), and airy mids and high's with a great soundstage; both Bose's have more pronounced bass than the Grado's, and good mids and highs, but less airy and soundstage than the Grado's, and the audio-technica's are in between, with the best balance between accurate and pronounced (but not excessively) bass, excellent mids and highs, and very good soundstage. They have become my favorite phones. Though the bass is pronounced, it is with an accurate depth, and a THUD like a top-line subwoofer, when the bass drum hits. All in all quite a listening experience.
I was expecting to be taken to heaven with these headphones.They are not all that impressive compared to the beats on ear headphones.But the would do just perfect for recording vocals but when it comes listening to music I say go for Dr.Dre Beats.If you want to know what the noise isolation feels like , just putting your hands on your ear.
I picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and I was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of Panasonic over-the-ears.  I'm glad I did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  The sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  They feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  Finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  As a video editor, I often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  The cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  They grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.I've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  I haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but I will say that I highly recommend them.  It's one of the best purchases I've made in a long time.
These headphones are kind of classics.  Very popular and you can read all about them on the headphone review websites.  They are certainly a cut above your cheap headphones.  However, when I compare them to my other headphones (Sennheiser HD595's) I find that these are very, very inferior.  I had originally intended for them to be used with my digital piano because I wanted some isolation, which my HD595's do not provide.  These do provide isolation but the sound is markedly inferior.  I think closed-style headphones are just not up to the task of reproducing high quality classical music like open style headphones.I use these at work now.  They are excellent at blocking out room noise and they provide enough quality for me to listen to music while working.Unfortunately they are also not nearly as comfy as my Sennheisers.  They are a bit too small for my ears, I guess. And they get hot.  Overall they are just not as good.  They were a good price, though, and they fill a niche that I need.  If only I could find a set of really high quality closed cans for my piano now...
My main headphones before were HD-280's, which I thought were pretty good, until I got these. I have several pair of HD-280's, one for mixing audio, one for practicing with drums (since they have decent isolation), and one for 'her' to use.I have one of these, and the amount of detail is great. I have a set of M-Audio BX8a's, and these have a touch more clarity, which considering the price difference...wow. For mixing audio though, can't use headphones when it comes to getting the stereo imaging right, but, I think these will get used for mixing more and more, with the finalizing on the BX8a's.I didn't know headphones could sound this good.
garbage if you like it...then buy it.this is NOT how the world of music sounds.TOO MUCH BASS and other garbage...are you guys really HEARING anything ?world has gone bass crazy since about 1981...more and more..we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you ONEfrequency...bass ONLY , take it or leave it.will go find REal headphones, thanks.kb
I've tried different kinds of headphones in the past and so far the Bose AE2 fits my taste. I've been using it for years when my son borrowed it a month ago and I'm pretty sure he has no intention of giving it back :) (Its the 5th headphone he borrowed) so I planned to buy another one but I said to myself why not try something different. After reading all the reviews on this product I finally decided to go for it. And WOW...i was blown away. I'm glad I tried something else. No regrets. This one really fits my taste. The clarity is superb and the bass is awesome.
First time I've spent over 25 bucks for headphones.  Use for both reference with a GNX4 and guitar, and easy listening.  Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect.  (semi-audiophile)A bit bass heavy but overall great headphones. very comfortable.  get hot to wear in the summer!
I play Guitar for the first time i have a head set that the drivers are not being over driving giving a distorted sound. The calrity is amazing !
As background, I've recorded many jazz performances and listen normally to electrostatic speakers and have a pair of electrostatic headphones as well as dynamic models.These Audio Technica headphones are closed back isolating headphones which greatly reduce background noise. That said they are more difficult to design well as the closed ear cups and back create acoustic interaction with the back of the drivers. These headphones have a very open sound, smooth midrange, excellent detail with out exaggerated treble and very solid, and perhaps a bit emphasized bass.They are extremely comfortable, well made and easy to store. Finally the pricing of these fine headphones are not over inflated as are many high quality products. Highly recommended.
Bought these as the studio I was using had a very rough, taped together set of headphones and they told me most people bring there own.  Did a quick search for good quality studio quality headphones and settled on these for my choice.  I am not disappointed.  Excellent sound quality and I would pin them against Bose any day.
These headphones are wonderful to wear.  They sound great.  But that's not enough now a days.  With the head band being connected to the outside of the muff, they fit your head so wide.  The pioneer hdj 2000 has the look.  Read my review on those though.  They are terrible.At first glance these things are serious pro grade, they are made of very durable components. Both ears swivel and they fit snug to the head. The head band isn't bad, it's a plastic material i notice that when i stretch it to see how flexible it is the pad on the top of the head starts to come unglued. Not really a big concern though. They have a long cord, and I'll talk more about it later. It ends with a spin on 1/4 in or a standard 3.5mm.The sound out of these things is pristine. It's not muddy and very clear. They have a good amount of bass.  Because of the over ear style they drown a lot of background noise out and they also don't leak noise like a lot of headphones do.Pros- Heavy duty- Awesome sound- Comfortable headband- Over ear design- Not worried about breaking when i through them in my bag- Always clear, never muddy, even at high volumes- Very clear left and right ear markings- Spin on 1/4 PlugCons- Heavy coil cord- Heavy (weight never got annoying though)- Looks
I'm using this in V1 in a 5 watt tube amp.  It's really nice.  I tried the NOS route and I much prefer this tube.  The other good thing is it comes in a box from JJ, unlike some tubes from other places I've ordered where they seem to lose their original boxes along the way and it looks like everyone and their brother has been messing with them.
I have a VOX AC4TV. It uses (stock) a 12AX7, but I thought I would try the 12AT7 just to see what happened. I had read that this type of tube could give you more clean headroom.After a little test run, my first impression was that the amp was noticeably quieter with this tube installed. It might have reduced the volume by a third or more - but this came with the benefit of the amp being noticeably less noisy. That was a nice benefit.I didn't notice much of a change tonally. I think this tube basically brought the volume down. I wouldn't say this is better or worse than the 12AX7, just quieter, and with significantly less output.I ended up switching back to the 12AX7.
I bought this tube to test in a friends Fender HRD in the PI spot. He wanted more clean tone and was willing to have less overall gain. He liked the result when I switched out the GT 12AX7. I want to try a JAN 12AT7 next, but the JJ is doing a good job for now. Also interested in swapping out his GT (Sovtek) 5881's for JJ 6L6GC's.
I found this tube to sound pleasant, be cheaper in cost than the Electro-Harmonix, and work, unlike the Electo-Harmonix tubes I received.
JJ's are great tubes! This 12AT7 replaced a 12AX7 in the preamp of an Epi Valve Jr to soften the gain and sweeten the tone- it was very nice, but I found an old American made 12AU7 that I like more- the JJ is still a great tube.
This is another in the MXR "Distortion" line. The Distortion III has a more overdrive flavor than a high gain pedal like the Boss Metal Zone or the Barber Dirty Bomb but is very flexible. Not really for heavy metal (see the MXR 116 Fullbore Metal) but more for that AC/DC and classic rock sound.There is a lot of gain on tap from the output section so it is possible to hit the front of a tube amp hard without turning up the distortion. The tone knob does not have a dramatic sweep but is useable.The good thing about this pedal apart from the price is you do not get that "fizzy" top end that some pedals have when you crank the distortion. In addition, the pedal cleans up nice when you roll back the tone knob.Pedal is hardwired true bypass and very pedal board friendly.
I use this guy with a Fender Twin, since Overdrive sound is not enough for now a days metal. Not much of noise and practical carry. If you really want to go for something a bit more &#34;Marshall JCM900 like&#34;... get a MXR Custom Badass '78 Distortion. For a extreme... get a Riot!
I am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. It has worked great now for over a year at least. I had to look it up and I have had this for 3 years tomorrow.
just make sure you get this when you get the tascam. I didn't run it without this power source, that seems too ghetto. they should just jack the price to what it would be with this and viola! but what do I know.
Works just fine for the Tascam DP-008 I also bought through Amazon, and saves a lot of batteries. What else can you say? It works.
I got what I ordered.  However, if I had paid more attention, this is nothing but a standard power supply which I could have gotten much cheaper from a radio shack or like type store without the Tascam name on it.UPDATE 5-03-2012 after receiving comments and reading other reviews:I've gotten a comment and have read many comments and I don't know where the fault lies, but this power supply is NOT the power supply for the new replacement Tascam DR-07MKII.  The power supply for that unit is the PS-P515UIf you are unsure what power supply for which model Tascam recorder you have, go to Tascam's website and research it before buying it.The Tascam PSP520 AC Adapter/Power Supply For Mpgt1 is for and DOES work with the older Tascam DR-07 recorder.  I have been using this recording as a stand alone unit and taking a line out on a powered PA head using the this power supply and it works just fine and the quality of the recorder is excellent.
I bought this so I had no mess with cables on the board and I'm happy to say it works perfectly. It has everything you could ask for on a PedalBoard and not only works with Behringer, I have Suhr, Boss, Fender, Marshall, Dunlop and TC pedals and they fit very well. It comes with cables and configuration diagram ideas, not to mention it's a great advantage for taking it on the road without having to dissemble everything. Now my gear is always ready.
Very good product.  Bought it about two years ago along with a fender mustang 1.  It comes with a Daisy Chain power cord that eliminates the need for separate power supplies. Foam inserts easily fit Boss and Behringer pedals but can be easily cut to house other pedals.
I have owned this product for a while now & it has some awesome features. This little Recorder is absolutely amazing for it's size. Takes some practice to appreciate all the features. I recommended this Recorder to a fellow musician friend & he bought one also from Amazon & he loves it & records all his gigs with it now instead of the old huge unit he was using & told me it does a much better job than his old unit. He even used his on a tripod to record a gravesite funeral service that his family can keep for memories of a loved one.
I just bought it records very well even a whisper from pretty far away. Excellent fer recording acoustic's
I purchased this after reading many favorable reviews online and it seemed like a good unit for the price. After trying to use it I promptly returned it. I do sound for concerts and wanted a recorder to connect to the sound board to record shows.  I have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer.  I tried recording on the H2 using it's line in jack and recording from a line out or tape out my Mackie sound board or my stereo receiver.  No matter how I set the levels the recording on the H2 was very distorted.  I played with the record levels and the AGC and limiter functions and tried recording from several different audio sources and always got a very distorted signal.  I have used my minidisc for the same application for many years and have never had a problem and have always got very clean, good quality sound.  The problem with my H2 was that the gain on the mic and line inputs appear to be the same and are meant for a mic level signal, which caused any line level signal to overdrive the preamp. Recording from the internal mics seems to work fine.  I have worked with professional sound equipment for over 25 years and the Zoom recorders are the only brand where I have found this problem.The H2 has a nice menu set up and the instructions are very easy to follow but if you want good line level recordings, look for something else.  I exchanged this model for an H4n and it had the same problem recording a line level signal, but not as bad as the H2.  I finally ended up getting the Tascam DR-07 which I am very happy with.  It has a few less bells and whistles but appears to overall be a better quality recorder.
awesome product works great. it even lets you set your level recording options for low or high level or between settings.it has lots of cool features listed in the manual are clearly defined how to use in manual.short version it's awesome.
I play and teach classical guitar and needed a good digital recorder with which to record myself and my students and also be able to convert to mp3 format to upload to the internet.  I've recorded several solo pieces and it does pick up the guitar very well, including all string squeaks and fret buzzes (darn it).  So, it will force you to clean up your playing a bit.  If you are a musician and want a recorder that is very portable and relatively easy to use, then this little gadget is quite good.  It won't give you "recording studio" quality, but you can clearly hear the deep tones of a classical guitar and no hiss, or background noise (unless you have big-mouthed birds like I do) so you're recording is very clear.When I get ready to record, I set the gain as described in the manual, then set the recorder on my music stand and begin playing.  Since I bought the 4G card, I can play the piece as many times as I need too in a row without worrying about it running out of memory just as I finally play the piece to my specifications.  Also, if you connect the H2 to an electrical outlet and not rely on the batteries, that is one less worry.  Your H2 won't die during recording because the batteries give out.I can't really tell any difference in the recording quality with or without the wind sock that came with it.  It sounds the same.  I guess if I were a singer I would use it to screen out wind but a guitar doesn't really need it.  Yes, the screen is very small and difficult to read - I keep a magnifying glass handy, but now I've pretty much got the button pushing sequences memorized and don't need to use it as often to see the screen.  Also, download a free editing program such as "Audacity" so you can convert your recordings to various formats.I'd give it 5 stars if the case was a little more substantial.  It seems fragile and I dropped it once but luckily it bounced off my foot which had a big fuzzy house shoe on it so it didn't break.  But it might have if I had not broken it's fall.  And you will need a longer USB cord.  I can't believe the one they sent was so short.  But that is a very easy fix and overall this is one nice little tool.  And for the price, I'd buy it again!  :-}UPDATE 2.22.12I'm still using the H2 Zoom on almost a daily basis to record my students playing and my own playing.  I still love it, it works great and I feel I really purchased a great item.
Not sure that title is good grammar, but anyway: I have gotten so much use out of my H2!  I'm a music teacher, and I have recorded music classes and performing groups.  Being able to so easily record a class and then have them listen to themselves has been really eye (and ear-) opening for those kids!It is very easy to use.  The various recording quality settings are useful, so you can do anything from a high quality record to a more space-saving mp3 setting.You can record stereo from just in front of the unit, or you can turn on 4-way, all-around recording.I've used mine a lot also just recording myself on various instruments.  I often record one part of a duet, then play along with it.You can do some editing on the unit, but it's easier to download the track and use some software to do it.  I have gone direct to disk, though, just by cutting off a little noise at beginning or end, which is some of the editing you can do on the H2.There is little to fault with it.  It takes a while to rename a track, for instance, but there again you could do it on your desktop after you download.Prior to this I had a Sony minidisc recorder, which was all right but really was already obsolete by the time I bought it. I finally got tired of messing with discs.I am very glad I got the H2.
Excellent Sound quality.Very functional and easy to work with.Small enough to take along.It is my most used Gear in my life right now. I don't want anything else.
Do you like to shift your booty around on the seat?  You can't with this!  It's too narrow at 17 inches.  I am going with a wider one.  (other than that is seems decent)Updated March 4th, 2014: I ordered the On Stage KT7800 and have had it for several weeks now.  I am much happier with it, and it is easier to adjust.  The first one I ordered was defective and I had to send it back, butt now I am good to go.
This is perfect for our digital piano.  We love it.  Easy assembly.  I would recommend this to anyone.
This bench is well constructed and comfortable to sit on for extended periods. My only complaint is that I wish it had  just a little more height adjustment- maybe 1 inch. Overall, it is well suited for most unless you are tall or a small child.
Pretty straight forward bench. I was surprised at how comfy it was at the price. Good height, comfortable, Id buy it again, no questions asked.
the cables are great for the price cant go wrong I have not used them for a long time but so far no problems i ordered 6 more cables.don't buy this cables they keep failing, cheap material with WHAT I SPENT ON THEM YOU COULD BUY A COUPLE DECENT ONES
These are nicely made and the one I bought is working well. I'm very happy with it and will buy more as I need more.
For the price these can't be beat. At this price it doesn't hurt to have a spare one or two on hand for the inevitable emergency
NOT high quality, but definitely useable and worth the 6 bucks. Ends are not too bad and it works for what it is.
good cable doesn't tangle very good ends
The Cable is good and normal . good price and works well. The rubber over the connecting ends tend to pull back and I have to push them in place all too often.
I've kinda forgot I even bought this, it's just another cable in the mess of cables I already have! But it works fine, never had any problems with it. I think it's going through a cheap microphone I have, so It shouldn't be put through any conditioning. I think it would do fine in a live setting as well.
These are descent quality cables. Great price, I own many of these. Just a good, basic, cable. Love the price, and they shipped quickly.
This cable is great for XLR microphones or DI-boxes.  They are clean of any electrical noise and appear to be good quality.
Seems to be made well, length was perfect for my application and there have been no problems with functionality or connectivity using the cable.  These make great and affordable mic cables.  Not much else to say, it works and looks well made.  Definitely recommend it.
For the price this product is ideal.  I find myself wishing I had ordered more.  It is perfect for the home studio and is budget friendly.  I shall  probably get three or four more.
Cable worked fine, but the strain relief for the cable end came out when I took it out of the package. You can even see it on the left in the picture that it's crooked because there's barely anything holding it in, so it provides no protection for the cable. Signal seems fine, so if you're not going to use it or move it around alot, it works. If you're going to be gigging with it, I'd get something with a real strain relief.
Good quality cable. Actually much better than I expected for the price. I don't move around much, so I don't know about how rugged it would be out on the road, but the cable is flexible and should stand up to a lot of rolling and unrolling.
Would not hesitate to purchase this item.  I like the flexibility of this microphone cable.  An easy item to recommend for the price paid.
it's 6 bucks so I didn't expect a lot from it, but it works as advertised.  not sure how long the connectors will last though as they do look to be lower quality.  the cable wire is rubber coated and is easy to roll and store, the wire is very thin.
I;ve ahd this cable pair for more than 2 years and have had no problems with them at all. I used them with both dynamic and condenser microphones.Here are their key points:+ Good quality construction.+ Secured heads.+ VERY long cable.+ NO signal problems.+ Overall great cable.+ Buy with confidence.
cable works perfect no defects, cystal clear sound, constructed well, use them in the studio, no noticiable problems, do not know how road worthy they are because I am a studio rat and not performer.
What can I say? It's a mic cable haha. It's a great cable for the price. It sounds good, and seems to be very durable. It's not a monster cable, but considering its 1/5 of the price, I can't complain.
Just as good as any 20' XLR out there.Considering I spent $6.00 for it,it rules! Will buy more when needed.
Wow. This amp is something else. When it arrived I almost didn't realize what it was because it was so big! This thing does everything! You can set drums, record cords over it and then dub in to the already recorded track and solo over it! But what's even better is you can attach drums to it, a bass to it, a mic to it, and a guitar to it and have a killer jam session!It has more sounds then I had time to comb through at first glance and more features then I know what to do with!AMAZING AMPLIFIER!
Like another reviewer here, I too own a Fender G-Dec 30 (BTW: now going up for sale). The Spider Jam 75W specs are all out there so I won't repeat all that info but give you my users impressions instead. First I was fortunate enough to buy one for $300. (the same price as the Fender G-Dec 30), so it's an even simpler comparison for me.***The Line 6 Spider Jam 75W is a full head & shoulders taller and better than the G-Dec.***As just simply an amp it has more power & as good of sound. As for the rest, I'll take line 6's real drums sets and myriad of song backings over the Fender's midi/synthe tunes any day. The ability to save your custom tunes as JAM or WAV files internally or out to a larger SD card is a godsend and to me, the single biggest factor to own this amp over a G-Dec. (I use the max 2gb SD - note: it must be fat 16 formatted & is not HC.) The overdub layering is simply superb (though it's saved as mono). The XLR mike, 1/4" plug aux & MP3 inputs allow a great flexibility for total song creation. Coupled with my Line 6 Variax guitar, I have been able to produce an amazing range of sounds and songs.The only criticisms I can muster are: 1) - The menu process is more difficult than the G-Dec but easy enough with hands-on experience. 2) - The chrome plastic knobs look somewhat cheap but work well enough. 3) - Line six really needs to update to an SDHC format so it can utilize larger than 2gb SD storage cards. I have experimented with using a 4GB non-HC SD card & though I was able to format it, I was not able to read / write to it. Line 6, please go to SDHC! I would also like to see an improvement to an "incremented" or notched amp model selector pot. As every once in a while it will jump from the A or B selection if not exact.
I can't find a single complain about this amp. The amp modelling is fantastic. Plug in for a mic/CD/M3 player. Quality driver. I'm not going to go through all the features that yo ucan read o nthe website. I used to play through a chameleon and separate amp in a rack to get these effects. Only thing I wish it had was the ability to save a custom sounds. But you can't ask for much more for the price of $399. You won't be disappointed with this amp.
I bought this amp for my 7 year old son. It is great for him, but not really for a serious practice amp.Pros:SmallClean and dirty channelHead phone jackCons:Speaker is low quality and sounds rough when distorted or loud.Suggestion:Step up $30-$40 and get a better setupGood alternatives: Fender Mustang, Peavey Viper, Line6 Spider IV, Vox, or Marshall.
I'm a beginner and is more than enough for now. if i'm committed to learning, i'll get a better one later!
Small size, easy to transport, and more than enough power to annoy a small venue with my lousy (but improving) guitar playing :-p
this amp is small in size but full of sound.  because of its size there is little bottom end but it still cranks!! very responsive, very clean sounding. this amp is well worth the price.
I bought this used off a friend when I got my first Electric.  It's a great little practice amp that is plenty loud enough for a small room.  The destortion works well enough.  Bass and treble are adjustable and seem just fine.  Input jack has held up real well so far (amp is about 4 years old now)and the speaker is pretty clean.  My only problem is that the volume just does not go low enough.  I can't practice while everyone else is in the room watching tv.  I suppose a set of headphones would solve this problem- but then its something else I gotta plug in and worry about.  I find that I like the sound of the overdrive better (especially thru my Epi LP) but just can't play it low enough.  I end up having to turn the overdrive off, and then turning the amp up loud and turning the guitar down real low.  If you have issues with volume control in your house- then make sure to get a set of headphones- or else you could suffer the dirty looks, and the banishment I have suffered.  All in all a real nice practice amp at a good price point.
I bought this bag mostly for practice sessions here and there, or across town. It's a decent build quality, but I wouldn't feel comfortable assigning it to gig duty. It's got a fair amount of padding, and a nice storage array, but once again, I personally feel this bag is more suited for a 12 mile trip to practice or lessons.
I just got this and love it.  My Fender Stratocaster fits perfectly into the bag, padded well too.  I can fit all of my &#34;stuff&#34; into the MANY pockets as well.  This bag is amazing and nothing like what I expected for the price I paid.  It has shoulder straps to carry the bag and contents on my back and also has a large loop to hang the bag on a door or hook too.  If you need a bag to protect your fender and to carry you stuff in, buy this one.  I LOVE IT.  I would expect to pay a hundred bucks for this kind of quality but only spent 30 bucks.
This is an excellent gig bag. Plenty of compartments for all of your accessories. Well padded and has enough carrying options. A good buy.
I have one gig bag already (not like this Fender), and wanted another gig bag for a third guitar I bought.  This Fender is lots better then my other bag.  My other bag has the storage pockets on the broad bottom part but not the nice storage pockets up on the neck like this Fender bag.  The Finder's padding is a bit better than my other bag also, but, of course, neither is as good as hard case.I am handicapped with a prosthesis on my right leg.  I need the back pack straps on back of a gig back to help me transport my guitar, because I use crutches and they require my hands.  The Fender's straps are great.  The left strap on my other gig bag would often work its over and off my shoulder and then the guitar would hang all catty-wompass and it became difficult for me to carry.  The straps on this Fender stay put - love it.The guitar I tote in this bag is a Martin HD-28.  But, it can also my Blueridge BR-180 or my Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  Either of my three acoustic guitars fit the Fender gig bag perfectly.Like I said, its a great gig bag.  If I ever need another, I'll be getting another Fender gig bag.
I was at Guitar Center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased Ibanez EW20ASENT Acoustic Guitar, which is virtually identical to theIbanez EW20ZWENT Exotic Woods Series Zebrawood Acoustic Electric Cutaway Guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small... I've been playing electric for many years, but this was my first acoustic purchase. Turns out I have the "Dreadnought" variety, which is a bit larger. This Fender bag received some great reviews, but I was apprehensive about having to return it if the dimensions weren't correct... I couldn't find ANY info on the web about the interior dimensions of this bag, so I took the leap... and I'm so glad I did! Bag is not too snug, not too loose, and has a great array of zippered pockets and dual shoulder straps. Great padding, yet still lightweight. And a great price! And it arrived a day early... sweet. Ibanez EW20 body (not neck) dimensions: W 16", D 5", L 20". Thank you Amazon & Fender!
Look no further these are great bags.. Well padded, lots of good pockets, does all that it should. Very pleased..
This arrived a week sooner then expected!  I am very happy with this bag, my Fender LH San Miguel Acoustic guitar fits perfectly!  It is nicely padded and has lots of pockets for anything you might need to carry.
I went with this over road runner because of the pouch designs which i like better because they are square. Unfortunately I think the Roadrunner is better quality, thicker material.
works great and looks great, low price so overall i would recommend it to anyone that needs a soft case
My new electric guitar isn't particularly comfortable to play while sitting, so I needed a strap.  I've played with straps in the past and always found them to be uncomfortable, so I hoped to find a padded strap that didn't break the bank.  This strap fits the bill just fine.  Depending on the angle that your pegs are set, however, you may find that the holes in the strap will with time enlarge to the point that the guitar is always in danger of falling.  If your pegs are set at an angle, like on a Strat, this strap will last forever.  If you're on a guitar with a horizontal peg, like a LP, you'll probably want to invest in some strap locks as well.  This will move the pressure from the strap holes to the metal locks and both extend the lifetime of the strap and its security.  The padding is OK, but not great - however, it's certainly better than a regular nylon strap and does a good job of forcing the strap to lay flat across the shoulder which is a huge bonus.
Mid-level quality. The shoulder strap tends to move while you play. Gets the job done, but not for the serious guitarist.
I enjoy using this strap on some of my guitars. Easy to install and remove. 5 stars to the seller and the strap itself
Decent quality for the price.  Fits the acoustic guitar as intended and seems comfortable to the person it was purchased for.
This guitar strap performs as expected for it's price. Great entry level guitar strap for those just getting started (or for a backup strap).
I paid only $29 and it is small and convenient. I was impressed with the sound.At first I played it with my Line 6 15 watt amp. I didn't like it cause of the squealing. But then I read how you use it and all that. Boy! It worked great.I use it with a Tascam US 100 USB plugin to my computer and I get a good sound for practice.I still like my Line 6 amp though for more sounds and sustain. But this is a bargain and small.You can use this with any USB audio interface.If you like AC/DC you would like this. There are different amp sounds you can get.Cheap and convenient I'am not disappointed.My opinion is that it sounds best with a USB guitar audio device such as Tascams US 100.
Great bang for the buck clone of a Tech 21 GT-2. This pedal does not have the build quality of the GT-2 but the controls are identical and it sounds darn good (especially for the pocket change they charge).  I have not done a gut-shot comparison of the two pedals so I can not comment on how close the actual circuits and components are.  The TM300 is more than just a distortion box.  It's more like a preamp.  I find that it does a very convincing mid scooped Twin type of clean as well as a decent Marshall type growl.  I find the Mesa to be the least authentic though it is not an unpleasant distortion by any means- it just doesn't sound like a Mesa imho.  If you are looking for triple rec distortion there are probably better dirt boxes for that.  I actually have the same criticism of my Tech 21 Tri-AC (really excellent pedal!)  The TM300 works well running into an amp and because it can simulate a mic'd cab it can also be run directly into a PA or mixer and bypass the amp completely. This thing actually takes other pedals reasonably well.  It can really breath new life into a mediocre practice amp (or any solid state). It can also be stowed in a bag easily enough so that you don't have to lug a backup amp to gigs.  I find it much more realistic sounding than digital modelers but it doesn't quite 100% replicate the sound and touch sensativity of a tube amp being pushed (they haven't invented that yet in my opinion). It doesn't replace a tube amp for me personally but if you are contemplating running straight into the PA because lugging your amp is impractical this is a no-brainer. Five stars for what it does at this price.  If you are a hobbyist or weekend warrior this pedal will cover the bases.  If you make your living doing live performances (or if price is not factored into your decision making) I would advise you to pony up the extra money for the Tech 21 product because their overall build quality is much higher (with regards to the enclosure, switch, knobs, jacks), their customer service is top-shelf and they are engineered/manufactured right in NYC.  I own three Tech 21 pedals and previously owned their Trademark 60 amp and I can attest to the difference in overall build quality between their products and Behringer's.  Sound-wise they are very very similar though and I DO have much love for these inexpensive Behringer pedals.  I own close to a dozen of them and I have not encountered a single malfunction in more than 2 years.
I read the reviews on this product and decided that a lot of these reviewers probably know more about guitar effects than I do and since most people seemed to like it, I figured I'd give it a try.  I was not disappointed at all.  It gives you great sound for solos.  I've tried it on a few different kinds genres and found that it's quite versatile.  I still have to play with the settings a bit to really get the sound I want, but I think that's just learning about the effects this box provides.
Stumbled upon this while looking for another pedal. I read the reviews and decided to give it a chance; how could I lose at this price? I put it in my cart and continued shopping.Guess what...the reviewers weren't lying (except that one guy who gave it a 2..what a BS review)!It arrived today, and I decided to give it a quick workout. I grabbed a small amp (Fender Frontman 15) and plugged in my Strat (with a Seymour Duncan Hotrail at the bridge) and gave it a go. The 'quick workout' turned into an hour long jam session as I got caught up in what this pedal can do. It turned my little solid state amp into a fire breather! With the mic at off X, middle set at Hot, and California and 3/4 gain...this thing just SCREAMS for solos and is very heavy for rhythm. I spent a good deal of time with this setting just blazing away.The Tweed and Brit settings were great too, as I tweaked a multitude of tones from this beast. I've had Behringer pedals before and even though they were decent (vintage delay, slow motion, compressor, eq), I didn't get excited about them. In fact, I sold the delay and slow mo recently. This pedal however, is going to get some serious use. I'm not crazy about the plastic casing, but it seems sturdy enough. I can't recommend this pedal enough...the reviews were right! You won't be sorry.
I don't have a lot of experience with effects stomp boxes, but enough to know when I have a winner. Behringer's TM300 is made from tough plastic. The 3 other Beheringers I have had about a year don't look warn and scarred, and sound as good as the day I got them. The tube mode pedal has an incredible flavor of tones. Fender clean, bright, British crunch and distortion, a hot  Gain and sweet smooth California sound.  I am playing out of a Peavey, but I hear a tweed. Amazing clarity, and worth the $28 and change. You won't be disappointed.
Folks that like the original Ibanez Tube King will love this pedal.  Sturdier construction than most of Behrenger's other pedals-  The housing is metal and the knobs seem a bit more solid.  Folks talk about how bad the stock tube is, but that has not been my experience.  I may experement with a low gain JJ in the future, but the stock tube is staying put for now.  Maybe I got lucky and they 'hand selected' the right one?  This unit sounds really incredible when it's running into the front end of my EL84 powered tube amp.  The sound is really organic and gritty, with great harmonics and smooth sustain. Sounds decent but not nearly as good going into a solid state amp (no suprise there).  Still, an improvement from the sterile solid state tone.  Be forewarned - this pedal is gigantic in dimension.  Who cares, so long as it sounds this good??  I'd wanted a vintage Chandler/Butler Tube Driver forever, but now I honestly don't need one.  This pedal gets me there on the cheap!
The VT999 Vintage Tube Monster has quite quickly become my go-to overdrive pedal, surpassing other OD pedals I've used, including the Digitech Bad Monkey, the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer, the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive, and remarkably, the Fulltone Fulldrive 2 MOSFET.The VT999 has several things going for it --- Tweakable EQ (High/Mid/Low) which allows you to run a full spectrum, from muddy, dirty low OD sounds, even from a single coil, to bright, screaming lead tones with high mids or highs.- Noise gate which can not only eliminate single coil hum but can also be used to "squeeze" the tone for some interesting effects- Wide range gain that gets dirty around 9 o'clock and full-on distortion when crankedNow, for full disclosure sake, I did change out the tube to a JJ Tesla 12AX7, but most people who know tubes will tell you that really, tubes are often hit-or-miss, simply on account of them being analog, heater-based elements. That's part of the fun of tube-based OD. I have played a VT999 that had a great sounding overdrive, but mine didn't have that sound until I put in a new tube. Try it out with the stock tube, and go to a different tube if you don't like it. At least try a new tube before giving up.There are two things that I don't like about the VT999, and I can tell you -- both gripes have nothing to do with sound or tone. This pedal got it 100% right with tone after a tube switch. The 2 issues are:- The housing is huge, and if you look inside, it seems like a waste of space. There's a lot of open space with nothing there, and while I can concede that tubes heat up and need space to dissipate heat, it's a bit overboard.- Compared to the Fulldrive, the lack of a boost switch is really a miss. Especially given the large enclosure, it would make perfect sense to move the 5 knobs to the top half of the pedal and put a boost switch on the right hand side. That'd take little effort, and given the independent power of this pedal, would be a piece of cake to achieve. Heck, I could probably do it myself, but I don't want to ruin the good sound this produces.Bottom line, I understand that on a pedalboard, real estate is everything. This takes up at least the space of 2 pedals. Is it worth it? To me, it is. I run 2 OD pedals on my 2-row board, and I can honestly say, in the last 10 gigs, I have never gone to the other OD. It's been the Vintage Tube Monster every time.
It sounds good. Not as a professional tube driver, but quite well for the price. Perfect for begginners and intermediate players that can't afford something else that is a little bit more expensive.
This thing is amazing. Like many I cannot afford a tube amp. This transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps I played years ago. Sustain and harmonics are insane. Preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.The unit is very heavy and rugged. The only component I would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost.
Purchased for my Epiphone electric guitar... perfect... has a separate area for my sheet music, picks and capo. Nice bag... I REALLY like it!!!!!!!
Everything I would want in a gig bag! A quality bag for a quality instrument. What you see is what you get.
This bag is simple yet it's really thick so it makes you feel like your guitar is safe, I have seen many gig bags rip, tear or seen the straps rip off them but not with this baby, its sturdy and cool, with its design and pick designed zipper, I didn't expect to be that cool
pretty much this is a great case for the price but i would like more padding because i like my guitars to be safe but if you want a better case for protection invest in a hard case. i cant give it a bad review for not enough padding because this guitar has about the same amount of padding as most soft cases. this is also a pretty handsome looking case,if thats what you care about.
My guitars largely stay at home, so they don't require the heavy duty protection of a large hard case.  Hard cases almost always cost 70 dollars or more, and also take up about twice as much room, which is problematic for storing multiple instruments.  In most cases, a good soft gig bag with padding should protect your instrument against light bumps and bangs, and costs about 1/4 of the price of a hard case.I bought two different variations of the Fender Gig Bag, and I believe the one pictured here is the one that has Fender Medium guitar picks as zipper handles, which is a cool touch.  The case fits my Fender/Squier Strat guitars (or other guitars of a similar size) snugly.  There is not a ton of padding, but more than you might think from the pictures, especially on top.  The pocket is fine, and there are a variety of adjustable handles and straps.  I can't say that the zippers will withstand years of use, but for most uses, they should do just fine.  Glad to have this as an affordable option to protect my guitars.
I tune my guitars, ukuleles, cavaquinhos, and piano with various tuners, like the Korg GA-40 or Korg CA-40 or Korg TM-40, and I pair this Korg CM-100 Tuner Clip and the difference is huge.  You no longer have to worry about background noiseI clip it on the headstock of my guitar/uke/cava and it tunes them quite well.  On the piano, I can clip it on any part and it picks up on the tuner.  It works as well as most/all of the clip-on tuners you see on various guitars and ukuleles nowadays, but if you have one of the chromatic tuners that don't directly clip on (like the Intelli IMT series), then this will make it work 100x better (okay, slightly exaggerated) because the ambient noise is not picked up by the tuner's microphone.I give this accessory high marks, and I highly recommend it.
The Korg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tuners is a great product.  I would recommend it to anyone needing to tune an instrument.  My instructor, who has been playing a violin for about 40 years, brought one to my private lesson recently.  Because it did not pick up extraneous room noises, it made tuning my violin for the lesson so much faster and easier.
Not as good as the headstock tuner I purchased. I used it a few times. It can be used as tuner or a pickup for my acoustic.  I wouldn't buy another one.
Bought this to tune my hammered dulcimer. The clip is a bit larger than I expected, but it just fits on to the bridges under the strings. If I had paid more attention to the picture on the site I would have known how large the clip is in relation to the 1/4" plug.It does it's job, picking up vibrations from the instrument rather than noise from the room. Works well while other things are going on around you. It seems to track 'truer' with this clip than with the internal microphone, meaning it doesn't bob up and down as much. If that holds true for other instruments, I may start using this clip on everything.I saw one review mention that the clip they received was not labeled Korg. The one I got is labeled, both on the package and on the clip.
I was upgrading all the chrome on a MIM and put this on.  Looks better than the plain one.  Includes the screws.
I have purchased three of the Fender "f" neck plates for three different MIM Strats. They all went on easy, caused no problem and they look really cool.
It is a Fender product, so it is well made. Reasonably priced. It will make any Strat or Tele build shine.
It looks nice on our Fender Blacktop Bass plus the locks, it completely changed the look of the bass, details
looks and fits great on my start, nothing more I can ask for! my original neckplate was slightly bent in one corner before I replaced it with this one
It looks fine but as other reviewers have pointed out is thinner than the OEM plate that came on the guitar. Some people mentioned putting shims behind it but a better idea might be to cut the ends of the neck screws down by an 1/8th of an inch so that you don't screw the neck screws in too far.  The plate was delivered on time and as promised by Amazon.
I put this on my Fender Jazz Bass after I bought a new neck for it. This plate work the exact same as the stock plate, but it dresses the bass up a bit. This is not a mod that people will see (like pickup covers), but I like the way it looks when I pick it up to play.
Actually arrived in the proper bag and looked great. Had issues before with company but they resolved all issues. I would do business with them again. Thanks for taking care of me. Pleasure doing business with you
This is a very nice looking back plate and for the price its cheep the holes are in the right place for the screws .
Nice F logo upgrade on my squier deluxe strat. Installed easy and the screws and everything were correct. I would recommend this :)
Not much to say about a chrome neckplate - it's largely a cosmetic item.  But my old one (with the serial number) was corroding pretty bad, and I liked the look of the new one.  A few people have mentioned that it's thinner, but assuming you also have the "pad" underneath (which you should) that was not a problem for me at all.  Anybody who dented theirs likely overtightened the screws.  Installation took all of 5 minutes and the neck is set up exactly as it was before.  Looks great!
Never really had to mess much with this item. Its a quality piece of metal with the nice F logo on it. Mounted my cheap Amazon start neck just fine.
I bought this new Fender F neck plate to replace the plain one I had on one of my MIM Strats. but at this time I am not sure I like what I have done. It appears a little thinner than the original and just doesn't look as &#34;original&#34;.
A must have for the Yamaha PA130. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go.
Good  power supply for the cheaper Yamaha keyboards. I have never understood why Yamaha keyboards don't come with a power supply? So, I found a suitable power supply for the instrument and works fine. No problems.Don't buy the one from the store, this is cheaper. Be patient and get this one.
If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. Sucks that Yamaha runs this scam of not supplying the power cord and making you buy it separate but I suppose the nickle and dimes really add up for them. Power cord fine. Yamaha shady.
The Yamaha keyboards that take batteries don't come with an AC power adapter. No problem. I got this the week after Christmas and it works like it came with the keyboard.
I am collecting these unique guitar picks and putting them into pick display cases.  This is a great pick!  I am using the other 5 and they play very well!
a little small for my hands, but the kids that take lessons from me loved them.  Cute idea.  Would like different holiday designs like this.
These picks are pretty cool, fairly stiff despite their thinness. They are also a bit pointier than regular picks, and the eye holes give it an interesting tactile quality. Nice to try something new, although they are a bit slippery.
I rarely play with one, as I prefer a thin pick and these are more along the lines of medium, but when I do pull one out of my pocket to play, it always gets attention.
It's a button.  It's not fancy, it's silver, it screwed into my ukulele with no problem, and it works very well.
One of the strap buttons on a guitar I was given as a gift was missing.  I was told that it would need some minor repairs, so all I had to do was replace a strap button and get some strings for it.This strap button was screwed right in the minute I got it and it worked like a charm.  I put the strap right on afterwards and started playing it and it hasn't given me any problems.
very quick shipping, it works perfectly, I was able to screw it in without and pre-drilling as well.  works with multiple straps as well.
Nothing that spectacular really! It did it's job. Was easy for my husband to use. Made me able to use a strap on my guitar.
Great Strap Button very solid, aluminum and is easy to get that leather strap hole slips in very easy... very pro.
The only thing that would have been nicer and bumped the rating up would be to send a felt pad with the button. I used a rubber washer I had and that worked very well. It was easy to install.
It's a simple strap button, don't know what else to say, I can't imagine a strap button not serving it's purpose. I hate minimum word review requirements.
This strap feels pretty good and feels like it would be more durable than the cheaper stuff. The only issue I have with it is that the ends are not the same size so I could not install my Dunlop Straploks for it. It may just have been the one I got though.
This Levy's Leathers "2inch Cotton Guitar Strap" is good looking (in an understated sort of way), very well made, adjustable and extremely comfortable, and works exactly as expected.We bought this for my son as a "starter" strap and figure he will buy a more flashy one someday, but this one looks like it will be used for the foreseeable future!Highly Recommended!CFH
I bought this intending to use it on my Seagull acoustic but tonight I put it on my Squier Fat Strat instead. after getting tired of how raw the existing polypropylene strap -which was about the same price just because it had "Fender" embroidered on it- was making my neck.When I put this on the electric the difference was immediately noticable even though my neck was still sore from the cheap strap.  So I decided to sign in and write this review.This strap is softer and better made than the poly ones.It even comes with a string tie for your acoustic, which you might need.Consider taking my advice: Treat yourself.$15 for a strap -when guitars cost hundreds (if not thousands) of dollars- is not much.Besides, the cotton and suede will not scratch your axe...The only downside is that the strap ends are pretty thick and is very snug on my pegs.I use c-type snap-on strap locks but they will no longer fit.Maybe I'll see if the venerable Grolsch strap locks will work.You can spend more to get wider straps with more padding if you want but do not bother getting something cheaper unless a strap of at least this quality is on sale.Update: Too snug for Grolsch strap locks on the Squier also...
Very comfortable strap.  The cotton is soft and does not cut into my neck like some nylon straps do.  Seems sturdy and is holiding up well so far.
I admit I bought this only because John Frusciante uses a very similar style strap. But he has good taste. This strap is strong and sturdy. Even without strap locks I'm comfortable going crazy on stage. High quality, does not fray, stays on the guitar. Does what you want and need and looks great!
Only complaint is that the cameo is not as well done as shown in the picture.  Other than that the strap is of good quality.
This is the most I've ever spent on a guitar strap. But I have to say it's well worth the price. Very comfortable and looks great too!
I used to have a regular guitar strap on my bass, but when I got a regular weekly bass gig and was using it more often, it started to feel like the strap was digging into my shoulder. Your mileage may vary on that, but I decided it was time to check out a wider strap that was actually intended for a bass.I read a lot of reviews and decided on this one -- some of the cheaper leather straps were described as stiff and uncomfortable, but this one was usually reviewed well. It was the perfect choice. This strap needs no wearing-in -- it's supple and soft right out of the box. The leather on top is smooth and classy looking, and the suede underneath is comfortable and soft, with good friction that helps it stay put on your shoulder. The wider strap distributes the weight of a bass better, and there is some cushioning between the two layers of leather that also helps. All of this adds up to a great deal of comfort.I use Dunlop strap locks on my instruments, and with a thicker strap like this, I had some concerns about getting them on there, but with a flat head screwdriver and a little bit of encouragement you can put strap locks on this strap, no problem.I would highly recommend this strap for any bass player, or even someone with an especially heavy guitar.
I bought this because someone told me they really liked it...but it's just not a good product...for me anyways.I bought this to help disperse some of the weight of my Les Paul on my shoulder.  The problem is, the thick part of this strap is made too short so if I bring the neck of the guitar up to my shoulder at all, the weight of the guitar is now on the skinny part of the strap.The leather feels a bit cheap as well...you get what you pay for.I guess the strap is ok if you play with the guitar in one position...yippeee!I'll probably have to break-down and pay $100 for a real strap.
Straps don't get any better than this.  Super leather, very well put-together.  Perhaps a bit wide, but i play short sets.  For the gigging pro, I think the width is an advantage in spreading out the weight.  excellent, just excellent.
This thing is really comfortable, holds the weight of my les paul nicely. Its slightly wider than most other straps which helps distribute weight better, I can play for 2+ hours and my shoulders feel fine! I feed the narrow end through 3 of the strap holes and it sits flat and looks good. Well made, feels very strong.  Texture is very nice, doesnt slip.  Overall a very good product.
I usually don't buy many guitar straps, and when I do, I like to get a thick, leather-type one, because I've found any other strap seems to bite into my shoulder after a while, and I don't like having metal pieces on the strap that can scratch up my instruments.  I bought the black version; I think my days of jumping around and sweating while playing are over, so I probably won't worry about running colors (but I will keep an eye out for such a thing).  It's very adjustable (just not quickly adjustable), worked perfectly with my Straplocks, and keeps my 45 pound (it seems like it, anyway) Les Paul from digging into my shoulder.  The 2.5 inch width is fine for me, but if you're spending long hours strapped to a heavy monster, I'd go up to the 3 inch model, especially if you're going to be bouncing around for the greater part of 5 hours.
This is an excellent strap.This particular strap replaces a 2 inch wide model that I've had for at least 10 years.  That is a great strap and has held up wonderfully.  I fully expect this strap to match my old one for durability.So why the new strap?* By not using strap locks the area around the strap button holes is much looser than a new one would be.  Since I recently bought a new guitar I wanted a more secure strap without going fully to strap locks. So far so good.* Wider.  I wanted to see if a half inch difference in width made a difference.  Boy does it ever, the new 2.5 strap is really much more comfortable than my old 2 inch model.  It isn't a miracle, but it definitely is noticeable with my 9lb Les Paul.A consideration: This is suede and will fuzz for the first little while.  If that is an issue for you I would avoid this suede strap, and probably suede in general.  After these strap break in though they are very soft and supple.Highly recommended for confort and durability.
This strap is a good quality piece of gear you wont be disappointed. I have these straps on all my gear very well made will last a lifetime!
This is my second black suede leather strap I've bought from Levy's.  I love them.  The 2.5&#34; is wide and comfy.  The strap is soft.  I have had no issues with any residue or the straps falling apart.  They're high quality.  And they offer plenty of length adjustments, without any buckles or metal of any kind.
i got this despite the warnings about it being too short for some people.  The strap is about 6" too short for my Seagull S6 guitar.  I will say the build quality is great but too short, is and remains, too short.  I will keep this item and take it to a shoe shop or saddle repair place and have and extendo put into the strap.  I just can't understand how they can sell this a a guitar strap when it is clearly too short.2/22/2013 I fired off an email to LEVY and the long and "short" of all this is you will have to fork over another $30 to buy an extendo for this strap. I don't quite understand why they don't make the strap long enough to start with other than the fact they can extract another $30 to make it work right in the first place.  here's a link to the extendo optionLEVY'S LEATHERS MMGXL-2.5-BRN STRAP EXTENDER http://www.amazon.com/LEVYS-LEATHERS-MMGXL-2-5-BRN-STRAP-EXTENDER/dp/B00BH5N91E/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1361565768&sr;=8-2&keywords;=MMGXL-2.5  the irony here is I managed to buy the last one for the immediate future.This is just another case of caveat emptor for all buyers to consider. I got the extendo strap and it does not match the original so now I have this cobbled up looking guitar strap. It's sort of like wearing a suede shoe on one foot and a polished leather shoe on the other.  I will keep this strap but sure feel like I've been had on this purchase... the terms bait and switch come to my mind.
For players that want a high quality guitar strap that weighs almost nothing, last forever, stays in place, and has classic good looks there is not a better strap than Levy's natural leather, suede strap (without the piping and stiched edge). The dying of the suede side is deep and flawless and the strap is a quality piece of hide without bulk or unnecessary weight from padding.  Feels great to the touch and you quickly forget that its even touching your shoulder. It can be a little bit of a chore to get strap locks on, but once on I have never had any worries or failures so that my guitars are nick and ding free. Plenty of color choices.  This is a simple, elegant strap that inspires envy.  Planet wave has a nice strap that is the only one I've seen (and owned) that even comes close, but  there is no other suede strap that is even in the same ball park as the Levy MS26.  I own 4 and they are admired by everyone who sees them and slips them over their shoulder.  It could cause you to reconsider use of shoulder straps... It did for me.
Gorgeous strapped to my son's Martin acoustic guitar. He loves it. It's pretty without distracting from the guitar itself. VERY well made and durable. I've even been able to clean it easily with a soft brush and water. The leather is a bit stiff, but it broke in in no time. This will last a very long time.
It really nice, made in Canada not China wow! That alone impressed me! Like the other here, reviews it is not soft it is stiff material. Yes you can bend it. It will probably last 2 life times. Ends are made of leather. One advantage is that once you set it to the appropriate length it will not change easily. If your switching to different size guitars, this could be a problem cause you can't make an on-the-fly quick adjustment on stage, you will be wrestling with it.
This strap is really beautiful. The Native American pattern goes beautifully with the classical guitar I made with the images of wolves burned into the top. However, the leather ends are very thick and stiff, making it very hard to slip over the strap buttons on the guitar. I tried to put the snap-on strap buttons but had to really work the holes on the strap with an Exacto knife to get the strap to slip over them. I have a nice Ralph Marlin strap with soft, pliable leather on the ends and the slip on and off the strap buttons with little effort - workable with one hand. I'd give this Levy's strap 5 stars if its ends were as flexible.
Levy's leathers could have made this guitar strap out of a softer material, especially on the edges.  It cuts into your neck horribly, even thru a shirt. Yukko.  The fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap.
Put this on my cheap acoustic guitar and it looks so good, I might have to upgrade my guitar! Not much else to say about it.  It adjusts easily, and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
This is a well made guitar strap, and is exactly as described. Suede is of course less slippery than smooth leather, and 2 inches is fairly narrow. If this is what you want, then this guitar strap is perfect. If you prefer the strap slip easily, or distribute the weight of a heavy guitar more, then it won't be.Definitely top notch if this is what you are after though. 5-stars.
I bought this strap for my Luna 12 string.  The strap is very comfortable and durable which is exactly what I needed.
The width is nice, wide enough to distribute the weight, but not too wide.  Attaching it is a snap.  The suede gives it a nice 'grip' to your shoulder so the guitar doesn't slide around.
Looks great, feels great, and works great! The leather is soft and adjusts to the contour of my shoulder and back comfortably and securely. great! I love it!
Width and padding are good for Heavier guitar (currently being used on a Les Paul). Finish, stitching, and adjustments are quality.The only issue I had was needing super human strength to push onto the strap pegs.You might want to unscrew and screw pegs back on with the strap in place...But that means the guitar is very secure, so I am very happy.
Study strap. Great feel, leather matches my instrument well. 2-1/2&#34; width worked well for me compared to the 4&#34; version.
If you are playing a guitar that costs several hundreds to several thousand dollars, why would anyone buy a cheap guitar strap to hold it up. I have friends who think strap-locks are the best invention of the century but, I believe in buying a quality guitar strap & Levy's produces some of the best on the market. I own several acoustic & electric guitars... for the most part, I have a strap for each one except the pieces too valuable to take to a gig. Every strap is a Levy's...I'll call myself a veteran pro guitarist (I don't believe in using the word "old") who gigs about 12 - 15 days a month. This strap is comfortable to wear & strong enough to hold up my Gibson Les Paul Standard without any worries of dropping it. I've watched friends & band-mates constantly adjusting or reattaching their straps... I offer my advise to buy a quality strap & find most continue to use crap straps. BUY IT... You will love it!
Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic.  I was delighted.
Delivery was Amazon fast, installation took all of 2 minutes and we were making music.  It has worked perfectly from the start and as continued without a flaw for the last 6 months, and we expect it to continue for years.  For the price you can't go wrong.  Mic sound is pristine, no noise, we use it for vocal recording in studio, run it off an M-Audio Mixer Keyboard which lacked Phantom power.  Top Recommendation.
It supplies my microphones every time I run out. I'm glad I got this thing. I rate it five out of five stars.
Does what it says with no whining whatsoever, really quiet producing absolutely no audible hum. Very small footprint, too! Would I recommend it? Yes. I would.
I recently received my multi plug cable (daisy chain) for use with my guitar pedals and I am very pleased with one spots, product. I can tell it is a built to last cable with eight plugs spaced out enough to allow me to put my pedals where I like them. It plugged into my Behringer 9 volt power adapter nicely. Its so nice to not to have to replace 9 volt batteries every week. A real money saver in the long run. Buy this cable.
I ordered this plug because it is advertised as a &#34;1 Spot&#34; brand plug. It is not what I received. Instead I received a generic plug  for eight 9v connections that would definitely fit the purpose, but a really cheap version. The plugs on this generic version are larger than the 1 Spot and the wires are kind of stiff plastic. The original 1 Spot plug has much smaller plugs, great for saving space on a pedal board, and the wires are soft and &#34;rubbery&#34;, again making it easier to work with on a pedal board, specially if you're working with a pedal board like Pedaltrain where you can intertwine wires in and out between bars. I informed the seller about the issue and was told it was a mistake and that they would send me the correct one. In my email to them I included an image of the original packaging of the 1 Spot 8 Plug to make sure there would be no mistake, but to my amazement they sent me another compatible plug. I emailed them again for a refund, which they promptly did. I can say, that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money. I imagine that those who order this plug without ever having worked with an original 1 Spot plug, wouldn't know the difference because although it is a really cheap version it does have eight 9v connectors. I strongly recommend, spend the extra two or three dollars and get the original 1 Spot 8 Plug.
After reading a bunch of reviews about this product, i was not sure about buying it , but i give it a try and i am completely satisfy, it doesn't ad noise to my pedal chain, i use it with a radioshack power supply 9v 2.5 A , and a can tell that not a sound came from electric issues.I'm not saying that it is better than a voodoo lab power brick , but for me work perfect and i don't see why not taking it out for Gigs.
nice good like fine great fantastic like love nice good like love happy peppy perky free i do i do i do
This is one of many Behringer pedals that offer a unique, stand-alone sound. The chorus effects are well known, and even included on many amps, and featured on almost every multi-effects pedal. I like the individual pedals because I can add in just what I want instead of relying on someone else's idea in a pre-set. This Chorus is just about right. It has a range of sounds for different situations, and is very reliable and well made. There is no problem with the B. tough plastic cases. If you want a metal housing, it's for some sentimental reason, thinking that metal is automatically better or more durable than plastic. You just need to push the off on switch, not bat baseballs.
The chorus effect is a little weak. I use it now to get sort of a leslie effect. Clean the effect is a little weak. The adjustment knobs don't seem to do much either.
hey rockers!!!  DON'T HESITATE BUY IT bEHRINGER IS A GREAT EFFECT IT IS MADE IN GERMANY ,, THAT SHOULD EXPLAIN ITS ENGINEERING ,, THE ONLY BAD THING IS THAT IS PLASTIC,, BUT DON'T LET THAT FULL UR EAR!!! THE effects put out same as some of the older brands ,,, i trust Behringer , i get more in tone and sound then what i payed for 100%,,,, this chorus is a wonderful effect and has a lot of color to the tone this effect is made well with thought behind it ,, and versatility as well... i say buy it. iv been using all kinds of brand effects ,, and at the end of the day like everything else you pay for the name,, and some times what u get may not value its name ,, that's why behringer proves that with its effects ..
For the money (CHEAP!), this is worth getting. The loop feature is quite good, the delay/echo entirely satisfactory. Not as good as, say, a BOSS unit, but they cost 5x as much. Great for everything from slapback to long delay, with heap-big repeats available. The plastic housing might not stand-up to the road. Having the 9v adapter input on the side behind the in jack, rather than the back, seems wise. I've read some negative press about Behringer pedals, but personally cannot complain.
Basic delay. I found the adjustment knobs made very little effect on the pedal. The other thing is it changes your guitar tone pretty drastically. Made my tone thin and tinny.
Pretty much a straight up clone of the Boss pedal- and a decent one at that. Not the bulletproof construction of the boss to be sure, but all the functions are the same. This is not true bypass but neither is the Boss. I have not experienced the tone-suck or buzzing that others have complained about. Mine worked flawlessly out of the box and does a great job thickening up my leads in a Gilmour or EJ way. Is this the best digital delay on the market? Surely not, but it's the best cheap one. The pedal features up to 2 seconds of delay and a tap tempo function, however the instructions do not tell you how to engage the tap function(hold the pedal down). Believe me, you figure it out at this price point. If you want to spend double the price ($70- still cheap for a delay~), I would suggest the Ibanez DE7. Incidentally- this pedal- like any other digital delay or digital reverb- will EAT batteries. It's what they do, and is not a flaw related to this specific pedal. Invest in a daisy chain (SPOT or the like...) If you have a pedal train with multiple stomp boxes and you are running them via 9 volt it's a no-brainer.
for the price and options u can not beat this pedal, i just sound great with acoustic or electric guitar. thank u guys your pedals really kick butt!
I bought this for occasional use with a guitar, mostly it collected dust. But...Sometimes I play guitar in a band where I mix from the stage, and the vocalist likes a little slappy echo on his voice, but between songs he likes the delay off... so I figured an experiment was in order.I ran 2 20' cables, one from the aux out on my board to the delay input, the other from the delay output to an open channel on my board. I turned the level to "max", and dialed the really wet signal into the monitors and FOH. I let him kick that pedal on and off all night... now I can concentrate on playing and not on whether I forgot to mute/unmute his stupid delay. Win! And it sounds pretty darned good, I shaved a little treble off the channel so it didn't get too "in the way", almost like an analog quality. Good stuff.
i don't know much about delay and I've never really used it. This is a fun pedal, for a simple cool delay. Kinda makes you aware of what you are playing. Fun with blues/chorus sound! Yep!
This Behringer DD400 delay unit has a lot of great features. I particularly like the stereo outputs which allow the user to send the delayed signal to a separate amplifier for a dramatic stereo effect. The extra-long 1300 millisecond delay is great for Pink Floyd/David Gilmour style solos. The shorter delay settings allow for rockabilly slap back effects, although I hardly ever play in that style, so it doesn't matter that much to me.Here's where it gets weird: I tested the unit using a vintage Fender tube amp for the primary signal and a Vox Valvestate amp for the delayed signal. As long as I played loudly, everything worked quite well. However, when I set the guitar down for a moment, I started hearing voices. Yes, voices! The delay unit was picking up radio frequency interference a la Jimi Hendrix at Berkeley. I have no idea HOW it was doing this, but I could clearly hear some sort of radio transmission like CB or family band radio. The interference went away after a few minutes.As for design, I don't buy the "German innovation" advertising line from Behringer. This is obviously a cheap Chinese copy of the legendary Boss DD-7 which costs four times as much. If you want really good quality, buy the Boss unit! If you can get buy on a fairly cheap delay unit that talks to you from time to time, the Behringer is ok.
WOW!!!!! this thing is fun to play with!!!this is my first delay pedal, so i cant compare it with others, but im so happy that i bought it! ive had it for about a month and played it for hours every day.  you can tweak the echo in 100's of different ways.the case seems to be sturdy and looks like it will last quite a while as long as i dont get over zelous and stomp on it too hard. im very happy with this product and im becoming a real fan of behringer products.
This Behringer unit has all the necessary features to give you solid performance in a stompbox delay pedal.  I say, why pay more?
Large pedal board plenty of room for all pedals including octaswitch. The included velcro works well for me, I haven't had any pedals fall off yet! Cioks PSU fits underneath with a couple of modifications. I'm careful with my stuff so the soft case suits me fine, I can sling it over my shoulder and carry guitar/amp all at once. Plus it has a large useful pocket on the front of the bag. If you travel a lot the hard case will probably be better though.
This issue with this bad boy is not quality, features, or design. This is a Pedaltrain product, and just like my Pedaltrain 2, this is a well-made, perfectly designed board that does exactly what it claims it will do -it holds 50 freaking pounds of guitar effects stuff. And that, my friends is the problem.I am using a Voodoo Labs 4x4 power supply, but had to also get a Tripplite Isobar, 6 outlet power strip that I drilled into the upper left corner to handle a couple of the extra pedals. I plug that into the wall and then use a homemade 8&#34; iec power plug in the Voodoo. On the pedal I was able to fit 2 Jim Dunlop volume pedals (one is for the looper), a Crybaby Wah, TC Electronic Flashback X4, Sparkbooster, Mojo mojo overdrive, Corona chorus, Hall of Fame Reverb, Ditto looper, and the Shaker vibrato. I also have the MXR flanger, Helicon Harmony pedal for vocals, a Korg tuner and an Electro Harmonix Pulsar tremolo.(I know, I know.)Did I mention this sucker is big? I feel like they should name it the &#34;pedal porch&#34;. Maybe I can put a few potted plants on it.So getting back to the question of whether or not you should get this behemoth, I will ask you, to ask yourself, &#34;Do I really need all these pedals? If the answer is &#34;Hell yes, I deserve them all! I worked hard for them and can now make awesome sounds!!&#34;, then by all means knock yourself out. Just don't get a hernia lugging it around and make sure you book venues with appropriate stage space. No joke.
..is all I can say. I got the unit, opened up the softcase and pulled out the nice black powder coated aluminum pedal board and...WOW there is a lot of space on this thing. Do I think the price is fair for a piece of welded aluminum and what is basically a re-branded 'Gator' nylon bag. No. Its over priced considering thats all you get plus some plastic ties and velcro. However, when I factor in the laziness of not wanting to build my own board, suddenly one hundred fifty bucks seems like a decent trade. I was a littel disappointed to see the cheap-o rubber feet, my guess is they will be missing in about 6 months but, I have learned to fix those. Specifically the product is solid as welded aluminum should be and the soft case feels rugged...we'll see. Again, my only gripe is with the price considering there is no other mounting system other than velcro, at least that comes with it, and no intergrated power supply. However, if you need a lot of pedal space (read the dimensions!) and the heft of welded aluminum, this may be the last pedal board you buy. Did I mention this thing is freggin' huge? Minus one star for a little price gouging...
Capos are a funny thing, there are some that work great and many that aren't so great.  My capos include, Bird of Paridise, Paige, and Kyser.  This is a very fast and easy capo to use, the tension adjustment is fast and easy. If you need an all around capo for a six string guitar, this is it.
The capo design makes for a quick and easy install on the fretboard.  What I like most is that the padded arm is thin and keeps out of the way of your playing.  Highly recommended!
I just got it and tried it out. It's not great but should work as a quiet practice amp.  You have to diddle with the gain and volume controls to get an almost realistic sound.  I would recommend this to anyone.
I used AC30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these.Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings.For people worried about CONSTRUCTION, these turned out to be very sturdy (AC30s i previously used did, but the built/materials are exactly same).Even if you're determined to settle for the mediocrity of phone amps, go for cheaper models, or simply buy AC30, the latter has acceptable cleans..
As an amateur musician, I'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such.  I thought this gadget would do the trick, but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just didn't meet my expectations.
I bought the Vox Amplug AC30 and loved it so much, it probably doubled (or tripled) the amount of time I play guitar.  I loved it so much I went out and got the more expensive (by $10) Joe Satriani Signature Amplug.  I liked the Satriani model also because it covered a different tonal range than the AC30, and delay feature is a lot of fun.  But I had serious questions about the Classic Rock Amplug.  Why did have only a 4-star review on Amazon - among the lowest for any of the fabulous Amplug products.  Would it be only a "one trick pony"?Well, I have to tell you, I was completely blown away by how great the Classic Rock Amplug is, and I'm now even more blown away by some of these negative reviews.  I've tried out a number of effects pedals for plugging into an actual guitar amplifier, and many pedal users are seeking what they call a "Marshall-in-a-box".  In other words, they want a effects pedal that will single-handedly transform whatever amp they have into the sound of a miniaturized stack of Marshalls.  Believe it or not, the Vox Classic Rock on higher gain settings is about as close to a "Marshall" sound as I can imagine.  And it comes in a small, plastic headphone amplifier that runs on 2 AAA batteries and costs all of $39.99.Functionally, the Classic Rock Amplug is the same as the AC30 - three dials for gain, tone, and volume, an aux in jack (for MP3 players), a headphone jack, and an on/off switch.  But that's where the similarities end.  While the excellent AC30 model simulates the boxy, sparkly sound of a tube amplifier, the Classic Rock packs some PUNCH.  The low end presence on this thing (even through a $20 set of entry-level Sony headphones from Target) is significantly greater than on the AC30.  More importantly, the sound doesn't deteriorate with higher volumes.  There are plenty of ways you can try to play guitar through headphones, but most of them become a static-filled mess as soon as you turn up the volume.  Amazingly, the tiny Amplug has plenty of power on tap, and the "overdrive" is controlled through analog circuitry, with amazing clarity.But the real surprise in the Classic Rock Amplug (and the point upon which I disagree with several other reviewers here) are the clean and slightly overdrive tones as you roll back on the gain knob.  Several reviewers referred to the clean tones as weak, or claimed that there were no clean tones.  Yet, with both my Les Paul and a Strat, I was able to set the Volume at around 6-8 and the gain at about level 2 and get a very nice clean tone without loss of volume.  If any dirt was remaining, a slight rollback on the guitar volume further cured the problem.  Even better, playing a Strat into the Classic Rock with the gain set somewhere between 2 to 4 actually created a Tubescreamer-like blues tone!  This tone was one of the audio demos offered on Vox's website, but I didn't believe it for myself until I plugged the Classic Rock in and dialed in that tone.Long story short, the Classic Rock is extremely powerful, but more verstaile than I thought.  It can do the high-gain Marshall tones I expected, but also offers a wide array of clean or slightly-overdriven tones.  It might even be more versatile than the AC30 Amplug, though I remain pretty loyal to the AC30.  The good news is that the two models are different enough and cheap enough that you can own both.  Highly recommend the Classic Rock - 5 stars.
I love these cables. I ordered two about a year and change ago and they are my main cables for my bass and guitar rigs. They are still perfect and they get used for many hours each day
I prefer woven cables for looks. They have a nice stage presence. Hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. I don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. This cable is just a little stiffer than some I have but that's OK for me and I'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage.
nice cable, could be a little heavier.  I managed to pull the wires apart on the straight plug, probably stepped on the cord when I was playing guitar while standing.  I had to take it apart and resolder but it has been really good since.
this cable is awesome thick cord really high quality jacks highly recommend this better then any plastic coated cable I don't have problems with it tangling like I saw on one review
I really like this cable., It is a great, quality cord that is very durable and I think it would be a long time before I would need another one. The length is long enough for any need and the cable will obviously be around for a while.
I've been using HOSA cables for quite a few years and find them to be professional quality and very dependable without being overpriced. I particularly like the right angle plug. It works well on most guitars except Strats and Strat style guitars. That's still not a problem because I simply put the right angle plug in the amp and the straight plug in the guitar. This cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables. I'm very pleased with it and recommend it.
Cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. GLS brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. Both have tweed jackets however the Hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the GLS cable does. I would recommend the GLS product over the Hosa product.
I like it, got it fast and it is just the right length for my at home personal use.  Thanks for getting it to me so fast, and I recommend going through the vendor I received this from it works great.
I've used Hosa for years, they have never let me down. All their cords are quit and are quality produces. I have never had a Hosa go bad on me.
looks really cool and sounds great.  no buzz or unwanted noise with these cables, and they have a velcro strap which makes it easy to store them when you are done.  i like them a lot.
I like tweed jacket cables because they are hard to get tangled up and are easier to identify than having a bunch of standard black cables everywhere. I use the right angle side to go into my effects pedal board and the other side to go into my guitar. The right angle is nice because it's low profile and fits perfectly on my board, even when I put it in it's travel case. Everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem.
It doesn't twist up like my standard black cable does, but it will twist a bit over time. Love the angle connection for my guitar side as it doesn't just stick right out there. If you really want to avoid on-stage kinks, then you MUST go wireless, it is the ONLY way to avoids twisted cables - no matter what type you buy. This cable sends sounds to my amp perfectly without distortion. It's worth spending a Jackson, IMO.
the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else.
Hands down the best cable I have ever owned. I was spending money on cheaper cables continuously and now I spend that money on other stuff. I play one to five hours a day and have used this same cable for 3 or 4 months. Well worth the money. Lifetime guarantee to boot. Definitely will buy Mogami from now on.
Yes, you are paying a little extra for peace of mind and the reputation of Mogami gold quality. I found this to be a good investment if you are meticulous about your sound. Compared to my old cable, the Mogami Gold produced a more transparent sound... you might have to do a side by side comparison to get the idea. When recording guitar, I am able to clearly hear individual strings while playing overdriven chords. No matter your playing style, this cable will work well with your sound.
What is there to say. If you're looking at this cable, then you must have some knowledge of tone loss. Simple, if you want a studio quality cable that gives you top notch tone signal, buy Mogami. I have owned hundreds of cables and nothing in this price range touches Mogami. Sure you can buy the expensive Analysis Plus Pro and Evidence Audio cables. But you will NOT hear a difference. Lifetime warranty and you won't be replacing it any time soon. Works flawlessly for live situations and in the studio. All I own are Mogami cables. Check out the silent plug for your guitar cable cord. Goodbye pops and noise.
This cable is built to last. Overall it is a great quality cable and it came quickly. What more could you ask for
As it is with most things in life, you get what you pay for and while this Hosa effects-connecting cable isn't the best quality cable that is out there e.g. Zaolla, Evidence etc it certainly does the job it's supposed to at a reasonable price.  Too few guitarists, and I was one of them for many years until recently, pay enough attention to the quality of their cables and hence spend too much time on the amps, the pick ups, strings etc.  I discovered way too late how important investing in high quality cables is to your sound but I guess better late than never.  However, if you are on a budget and you are looking for effects-connecting cables that do a job for a good price then these Hosa ones will do a good enough job.  For me, after much experimentation I have foundZaolla ZGTR-110 Guitar Cableto be the best for my sound and while they are not cheap they are certainly quality and worth the money for the improved sound they provide.These Hosa however are still good value for money and hence come recommended.
It's a cable.  It works great.  I don't see any reason to spend more money on a short cable like this.
These are great patch cables. They make a strong connection between pedals and don't sacrifice any sound quality. I've been using many of these, every day, for quite a while and they are still working great.
It's well make and cheap compare with other product on Amazon nowadays market. I.I do replace it for guitar cable, work fine, I'm happy with this unit. Recommend to someone need replace cable jct.
I bought this cables to use it on my guitar pedals during practices and live gigs. I have no complains about it at this time. I own and use other hosa products and i think that they are making products with an excellent quality for a lower price.100% recomended.
I am normally a guitarist in my band, but I have found myself at times needing to play the keys also. Having two instruments to play, a pedalboard, and mic stand is a lot of real estate on the stage, so this adapter made things MUCH better for me when I find myself back in that position. Works great with my On Stage Keyboard Stand. If you play keys and are also a vocalist, this is a must! Worth every penny.
The vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone. It now rest at bottom of a box.
Great idea for keeping the stage floor less cluttered. Fits a standard X-stand just fine and makes a very secure connection.
works with myOn Stage KS7191 Classic Double-X Keyboard Standi got it to attach my mic to it - using this stand by On Stage as wellOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackworks as advertised.  You just twist the knob to apply pressure so it fits in the tube.also comes with the stopper so you can quickly remove this attachment bar and reattach it.
I have mine attached to one of the support arms on myOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Stand. While this attachment is designed for both square and round tube supports, I was unable to use it with anOn Stage 2 Tier Folding Z Keyboard Standeven with the top tier removed. The reasons for the problem with the latter stand is the friction fitting on the attachment bar was too small for the oblong support tube, and had it mated, the height of the attachment bar would not have cleared the top of the keyboard.When attached to theOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Standwith anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackattached to the top screw-in post that perfectly mates with the boom, this attachment bar/boom combination easily clears the height of either keyboard I use (aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoor aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard).Bottom line, make sure your stand can accommodate this attachment bar (according to the manufacturer it will work with most X-style stands), and carefully measure the height of the top of your keyboard from the center of the support arm to which this attachment bar will be inserted. The total height of the attachment bar after insertion is approximately 7.5".  If your keyboard is still too high for the attachment bar + boom or other mic holder to clear, you can gain an additional 3" with aShure A26X 3" Mic Mount Extension Tube.
This is working for me quite well and is part of my keyboard stage rig now.I'm mounting it to a heavy duty On Stage brand double X stand. The resulting arrangement is reasonably stable, although if you put a bit of pressure on the mic stand you can rotate the Attachment Bar. I could tighten the handle further to prevent this, but am worried that this will begin to deform the X stand, and it is not a problem on stage. I am not worried that it would damage the Attachment Bar, as it is quite heavy duty.In general, it's strong enough to hold a typical stage mic on a small boom arm.
Our second week and all is WELL! Nice and quiet. Using Speakon Cables (Mono) to each Speaker to Speaker for easy mixing. XLR to XLR from Mackie Mixer to PylePRO 1400 Watt amp. Great value for the Garage Band and recording to the computer for publishing on Web or using as a small GIG amp. Think I will get another one for the Stage Monitors. Might as well go ALL-IN!
As I've heard with the Pyle Pro amps, I received mine today, and it was defective. Only one channel worked, and it definitely looked like it took a beating before it arrived at my doorstep. The packaging was very good though, so I'm  thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. Already printed the return shipping label, and it will head back to the Amazon warehouse on Monday...
This amp did a good job for its rating. It was my backup amp for a QSC GX5. I sold it after using it for about a year or so.
It's rubber and you can slip it under the strings and into the sound hole...with a little effort. It might even be over &#34;engineered&#34;, it fits so well.
This product did not fit my Takamine G, as the hole is 3/4 size.  I had to buy from Lute Hole, who then customized a part for me.  Beware, because you'd figure this item would fit inside any guitar out there, given the advertising.  Even the guy at Guitar Center, when I called to find out what was going on, told me to go with Lute Hole.  I never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, I found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit.  Be very, very careful.  In fact, be very, very wary, as I briefly heard a light "cracking" noise when I tried to fit it in the guitar for the very first time.  I stopped, thereafter, after doing research online and finding out about the G's specs.  I've read, elsewhere, that it kills your tone, but I had been willing to try to utilize it in tandem with my actual coloring rig.  Ultimately, I spent nearly $100 more than I wanted to, just for this kind of item.  What is it they say in this era - caveat emptor?
I am finally feedback free!  I use this on my 310 Taylor with a K&K; Pure pickup system.I play mostly in a church worship team, and am usually right in front of a monitor.This blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole.I don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit.I will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!Highly recommend.
Works as advertised. Eliminates feedback as far as my experience is concerned. A little tight. It needs some force to put it into place. Not sure if there's no standard among guitar makers on the size of the sound hole and Planet Waves just did their best guess on a universal fit product. But on my Washburn it needs a little bit of convincing to get there.
it barely did anything but i guess thats because im the one playing the guitar, if you were in another room im am sure that it would make a difference
Works as advertised. Great at eliminating feedback in a live setting. Also great for just muffling the sound for playing around the house quietly.
I am impressed how well this works. I was always fighting against feedback during practices and live gigs. This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. I've tried this with 2 different acoustic electric guitars (Fender CD-60 and Fender Kingman), both of them with 10cm/4in diameter and fits perfectly.I had read all reviews before deciding purchase, and i found people complaining that this is not a good unplugged sound filtering. I should tell you that they are right since this was not made for that. Even when this should affect your guitar lowering you normal sound (unplugged), I would not consider this as a solution for it.If you are having feedback issues due your acoustic electric guitar, without hesitation this one is for you.
It's good. Was having a lot of feedback and got tired of taping a make shift sound hole cover. Recommended.
It is good, only thing I did not get was that it has the wire attaching it to the cardboard going through the feedback buster thing. so there are two minuscule holes on there not enough you can see but still bother me a little. Gets the job done.
This soundhole cover is one of those products that belongs on the list of essentials for an acoustic guitar player, right up there with a tuner, string winder/cutter, cleaning cloth, pack of extra picks, and capo. It's designed to eliminate feedback when plugged into a sound system, which it does nicely. It's also great for sealing up the body of your guitar if you want to dry it out or dampen it quickly (as in 2 nights like that in a case).
Fits perfectly in sound hole.No more feedback or waking up the next room.No plastic smell either.Play an Ibanez acoustic electric.
Works well, easy to install and take out.  Helps greatly to control acoustic feedback. I've looked at these for a while, glad I purchased it
gets the job done. I would say it muffles too much though.  my arm feels like it went to the gym after a jam session
I'm very happy with this pedal.  It seems to be a knock off of the MXR phase pedal, being that it provides a nice classic, subtle phase effect.  You can flip the switch to "swirl" for a more pronounced effect, but I love just keeping it mild.The metal switch/button to engage the pedal doesn't have the "click" that many pedals do.  I actually prefer this.  The "click" effects wear out sooner.  Some of my high end pedals also use this smooth, click-less way of engaging a pedal.  You'll know it's on by the tone change and the bright led light.  IMHO, you don't need a click switch.The sounds are clean and smooth, clear and bright, and all the other adjectives you could use to describe a great phase effect.Quality and Value, all the way.
It sounds like it's Behringer.  Very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all I need.  I got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  The highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame.
Germany Company, manufacturing is in China... I have always found this to make the product hit or miss but the last two Behringer products that are in my hands are very good.
I really dislike the switch on this thing.  It does not click.  That may not sound like much, but I tend to rest my foot on a pedal when I turn it off.  This does not turn off when I do that.  This is unlike any pedal I have played.  I realize Behringer is trying to copy the MXR, but the switch substitution makes me wish I picked up a used MXR.  Anyway the pedal sound fine, just know the switch may drive you insane.  I really like the other Behringer Boss type pedals though as the switch is what I like.  Wish the phase came in a different case.
I give them an excellent rating.  They do last a long time, and they do not seem to alter in tone and get that "muddy" sound when they're aging.  In fact, I'd say they actually do manage to approach David Gilmour's tone at times!  I could barely believe that, of course, but after playing hard for a few hours, I actually said to myself the phrase: "Wow, that sounded like David Gilmour somewhat."  So, the fact that that occurred without me actually thinking about Pink Floyd or Gilmour and just being lost in the playing says a lot, because I then realized I had strung up the guitar with the strings that day.  Get them if you like Gilmour.  I'm hard on pricing, usually, but I say these are priced decently for their effectiveness.
The strings gauge is the best thing on this strings set. 0.1, 0.12, 0.16, 0.28, 0.38, 0.48 are the perfect balance between weight  and confort. It fits very well on my guitars: 1) Fender EVH Wolfgang, 2) IBanez S470. The cons is that these do not come with VCI, so expect some flakes when you open the pack.
I'm a very big fan of David Gilmour but never was a fan of GHS's. So I thought I'm wanting to step up one gauge to 10's so why not try these. It took a little longer for them to get stable but My Strat and My Les Paul sound and feel Great. Now , ( and I didn't see this at first ) on David's Les Paul , He use's 10.5's and I have a Bigsby on Mine like His. I may try those next time on My Les Paul. I'm not sure how they will work on a Epiphone Les Paul 'cause I have a Gibson and there is a BIG diference. And on the MIM's Fender's either cause both of mine are American Standards. All in all I'm very pleased with the DG GHS's....
Put these on my new La Patrie Motif and could not be happier.The tension is just right for soft finger style &#34;manouche jazz&#34;Sleepy D'jango
I did purchase this strings because of review of other folks who have more expiriance in that area. And look like I make very good choice.
These strings aren't anything fancy, but they sound great. A good old standard that I've used since I was a kid. And this is the best price I've found.
These strings are as advertised.  Nice tone and good quality.  Can't remember the last time I've found a bad string from a set of these.  Actually prefer the medium tension for a 650mm scale guitar.  Got the high tension ones for a shorter scale instrument so they wouldn't be too sloppy at concert pitch.
Solidly built works just as a mic stand should..couldnt be happier..As long as I take care of this Ill never need to buy a new one again.
Works well for my needs. It adjusts and holds whatever microphone I use in position very well. A good buy. I would recommend it for light to moderate use.
I just used this for a gig on Monday ... it's solid, well built, nothing loose or floppy, it stands up straight (extending to almost 7 feet tall), it folds up easily, and is nice and compact when folded ... good enough for me.One further note, when I ordered this, I was thinking that I would be able to just unscrew the vertical section from my round heavy base (which is also an "On Stage") and screw it into this tripod ... that's not the case, as the vertical piece here is integral to the tripod base.  I'm not unhappy though, this stand works quite well.
absolutely no problems well built very steady and easy to carry with you. I will get another for my monitor.
I bought this with my mbrace ,and it seems to be pretty sturdy. I would think it would work even better with a mic.
I use this to mount my Stagg Small Musical Stand to hold a small format mixer for gigs. It's light weight and sturdy.
I have both the Fostex PM0.5 MKII and the BX5a Deluxe for a while now.  While the BX5a tends to get higher review rating and is more popular, I personally prefer the PM0.5 due to its having more bass & volume.  Both models cost about the same, with the PM0.5 roughly $20 cheaper.The PM0.5 is bigger, heavier, has a heat sink in the back, with a combo XLR/TRS jack.  While the BX5a has a bigger tweeter, separate XLR & TRS jacks.  Construction-wise, both are well-made.  If you plan to share the same monitor between 2 difference sources, then the separate input of the BX5a is more convenient (you can always get a Y-adapter to support 2 inputs on the PM0.5).The BX5a has more clarity & boosted details, but is more on a tinny side.  The PM0.5 has more boom but less treble.  I guess the difference is due to the size of the tweeter and the length of the bass port (the BX5a has larger tweeter & 1 rear bass port, while the PM0.5 has 2 front bass ports).  Sounds coming out of the PM0.5 resemble more of the ambience of my car & home stereo than the BX5a.For my home-studio purpose, I like the warmer sound of the PM0.5 more.  I do use them to watch movie once in a while, and the PM0.5 is more suitable as the main speakers, while the BX5a is better placed for surround speakers.For further references, I have placed audio samples of a song I wrote & arranged (so there won't be any copyright violation issue), re-recorded with an AKG C414B condenser mic, placed at same height as the tweeter, normalized to -15dB.  Hope they'll help making your choice easier (instead of having to buy both like I did :)[...]
These speakers worked great for 14 months. Last week (4/8/13), one of them wouldn't power up all the way. The problem is getting worse every time I try to use them, and it's just a matter of time before it stops working.  It seems there is a problem with the capacitors that I did read about in a few reviews. I took a chance on the monitors anyway, and it was a huge mistake. I only use them between 2 and 4 hours per week. I contacted M-Audio's online support system and was given addresses to two electronics repair shops. One on the East coast and one on be west coast. I've since found many complaints about this same issue all over the Internet and on the M-Audio support site. M-Audio doesn't stand behind their products, and I'll never purchase anything from them again.
My old pair of JBL Studio Pro computer monitors finally gave up the ghost. At the time, mid 1990's, these were the best you could expect for computer monitors. I do mixing and voice overs, so I needed the real deal. After extensive research and listening, I decided on the M-Audio BX5a deluxe. For the price they can not be beat! Punchy crisp bass, smooth highs and great mid range. They are also very accurate, I hear things just the way they are recorded. They also bring to light subtleties in old CD's that I have never heard before! Also the wood construction, gives these speakers a warmer resonance than others made out of plastic or metal. If you have a studio on a budget, and need the best speakers for under $500.00, buy these. Remember, they are studio monitors, so the audio is going to be very directional, so use them for monitors. Great speakers for portables, like an Ipod. One note, you need a really good sound card to get the most from these babies!
I bought these as a solution to obtain feedback while recording my guitar through my computer. That solution was successful. These speakers put out enough power that I can maintain the clarity of my guitar tone fairly well and achieve feedback almost as easily as i do with my amp. I have a 75Watt amp that powers a 12" celestion speaker. These monitors have 70Watts powering a 5" Woofer and a 1" Tweeter, 40W/30W respectively. Slight drop in the power output, but they are beefy enough that I don't really notice.The isolation pads they come with are paper thin, almost pointless. If you really need some, get some more substantial pads. The back panels do get kind of hot after a few hours... not really concerned about that, but it's worth mentioning.They have great sound, excellent low end, lots of clarity throughout. They are pricey, but if you are priced pretty reasonably here on amazon. I would really recommend not going to a retailer... even when they are on sale they are more expensive in store than online. Only go to a store just to hear them and compare them with other monitors.
Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe.I own a pair of YAMAHA NS 10s and EVENT 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use.2 years ago I purchased a set of regular BX5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked.I just replaced them with the BX5a Deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the Internal amps will no longer power up.I need a pair of affordable AV shielded monitors that I can depend on, and these Cheap M-Audio Monitors are not it.I am back to using my 20-20's with slight AV noise until I find a decent AV shielded monitor.M-Audio was a much better company before Avid took them over!
I've only been using the yellow one so far (only just started using them). But I like how the grip is strong cause of the rubber and the grooves. The colors and designs are pretty. As far as I can tell they are all the same width/thickness. For some reason I thought they'd have different thicknesses from a previous review. And so far I haven't lost any, yay!
wish i discovered these years ago.  comfortable and the grip works wonders.  nice clear tones with this pick tips.  thanks
I have tryed a number of pick's and the textured ones seem to work for me.  I have dexdarity problems, Regular pick's without grips come out of my hands cause I am unable to control them,  So I needed something with a little more weight to it  allthough my fingures want to move around a little bit  I love these picks  now I can move my thumb and index fingers back to the bottom of the pick,  and it feels comfortable,  I used to do that with other (non textured)  pick's, And I kept droping them.These pick's are a must have,  allso, sinse theire heavier then other pick's,  these and the Ice pick's really build up Your hand's And finger's.I love these  pick's,  Im  defintley getting some more.
These stay connected, but aren't so wide that they change the style of picking.  I like them, and so does my music teacher.  We try to stay stocked in these picks.
So far I really like these. The thickness is about right for me which is sort of a light/medium. The grip is exceptional and they look sort of cool. I got six of them and will probably get more when these wear out. I doubt I will lose them.
I love the concept and design of these picks save one flaw-the rubber gripping goes down too far on the pick.  I don't know any guitar players that have their thumb on the entire pick, and since it goes down so far it's hard to pick clean without hitting the rubber on the strings sometimes.  I do love how they bend in the middle and the grippy rubber but I think they should scale the rubberization back a little bit.
Good grip, but too flexible, and the description says nothing the thickness or the flexibility of these picks. Probably good for strumming, but not good for lead.
I was still searching for a pick to replace the ones I left somewhere. I knew these were not the ones I sought, but they are great. They don't move around in my hand, I have yet to drop one, and for the first time I noticed that a pick can make a difference in the sound of a guitar. These sound great. I've found a new favorite pick.
I keep ordering more of these picks.  I love the rubber grip and the mediums are just the right thickness for me.  Great product!
These picks are kind of thin, flexible, and have a good rubber grip.  They're as good for speed-picking as they are for strumming.  The only complaint I have is that they're too thin for me.  The pack brings 6 picks.  If you're looking for thin, flexible picks with a good grip, then these will do.
Picks are one of those items in which taste is 98% of what decides if it works for each or not. That being said I have to admit that these picks are very high quality. The design is really pragmatic and effective. I recently was introduced to these by a student of mine and I have to say for the first time in 15+ years I changed my picks.I used dunlop made with Lexan material and those I found to be perfect until these came along. Sometimes change is good! We just need to be open to it.
..and that's a good thing. I wanted a tuner pedal that I could use under any lighting condition. My previous experience with Korg equipment made the Pitchblack a no-brainer.There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said except &#34;true bypass&#34; is nonsense. If your tone sucks when a device is not on then the problem is somewhere else, not in the effect. If you want to talk about unity gain, on the other hand, I'm all ears!
My experience with this little tuner has been perfect...It's extremely easy to see in a dark stage environment / it's dead quiet when activated / easy to understand when you are looking down at it while you're tuning / Takes up very little room on a pedal board / the cream on the coffee is that it's under a hundred bucks - that's crazy for the build quality - it's a little iron BRICKI highly recommend this little guy - Korg got it right on this one..!!!
Excellent pedal tuner which is easy to read on light or dark stages and mutes the signal while tuning. Well-designed and rugged construction. I believe that it is a much better value than other major brands which cost at least 50% more. One-button operation makes it simple to operate.
The main reason I bought this tuner and not similar offerings from boss or tc electronics, is because I had read prior to making the purchase that this is the most accurate at low tunings, and me being a bass player and sometimes playing drop A that is a must. I have to say that after owning it for a while I must agree. I've used other tuners when I happened to not bring this one along and  thats been my experience. Also its easy to read which note you're on when you're on a dimly lit stage.
This is my third purchase of this tuner. All three work perfectly. Very easy to tune my basses. One is for my younger son who just started playing the bass. The other are for me (one as a backup).The reason why I gave this latest tuner only four stars is because one of the metal connectors that attaches to the 9v battery is too loose and barely hangs on to the battery post. I may have to tape it down to keep it in place. The other two tuners don't have this issue.Still, it's the best around. Buy it!
There are some things in this life that you don't want to have to think about, and your tuner is one of them.  You have enough to think about on stage without worrying about your tuner.  It is fast, reliable and looks great on the pedal board.  It is true bypass and doesn't add a bit of noise nor suck any tone at all.  Your brand preference will guide your decision, but don't shy away from this well-made piece of equipment.  I would buy it again.
No other choice on the market IMHO.  This is the one to get.  I have two and would buy again if I needed another one.
This unit is the perfect solution for people whose amps do not have mute switches for tuning. It has an absolutely silent mode that mutes for tuning without clicks or pops when switched in, and its bypass (tuner off) mode is totally transparent to tone. Its 4 tuning modes make selecting one that works best for you extremely simple (I personally prefer full strobe). Its tuning is quick and accurate, and it doesn't hunt for pitches like some tuners will, especially with a 6-string bass. Its single 9-volt battery is only used when the mute/tuner mode is activated, so the battery should last a long, long time. The display is bright and clear. It's rugged, well thought out, solidly built, and simple.My only complaint is with the calibration mode: it's just a series of non-self-explanatory numbers that change when you hit the calibration button. Its explained in the manual, but could be clearer. I'd buy this again without hesitation, though.
This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. I truly recommend it as a tuner pedal. I'm happy with this product.
It is simple, accurate, takes up very little room, and has several modes that are nicely backlight.  To top it all off, it's about half the price of any other pedal tuner.  Korg... king of the practical tuner world.
Only had it a few days but is working great and I like that it is true bypass. Price was outstanding and the tuning is spot on. The default tuning display is perfect for me as I've not been real impressed with some of the other top tuners out there. IMO you can't go wrong with this tuner, very pleased.
I like how with this pedal, not only does it not have a heavy click when you press down, but if you are playing in a dark room the LED lights are nice and bright. True Bypass. I'm telling you, get it.
I use this as the first pedal that my guitar cable touches as it goes into the pedal board. It's true bypass, which means that the sound is not affected when it's not in use. When you step on the button, the sound cuts out and you get the tuner. It works as advertised. My only complaint is that it could be smaller. There are other smaller true-bypass tuners out there if space is an issue on your board. I've posted a photo of this tuner on my board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. If you need a smaller tuner, I have buddies who use and like the polytune.
Very good tunner, with bypass switch. I think it's a good choise for any pedalboards. I changed this for a TC Electronic Polytune.
wow for the price u can not beat this pedal, i got this pedal to add a second guitar harmony to some of my songs wow it sounds awesome, probably the only note here is that when activate it i noticed that kinda lower the volume a little bit, i do not mind though and still give it 5 stars.
It can be an octave divider (up to two up or down)It can do parallel intervals (a la Trevor Rabin on Owner Of A Lonely Heart)It can do intelligent harmonies (just make sure your guitar is IN TUNE so it can track your playing!)It can do Digitech Whammy-esque divebombs (up or down)It can do chorus-like detuningIt can do whammy bar flutter-copiesIt's a BARGAINIt's very welcome on my pedalboardIf it's what you're looking for (it's not Lexicon, it's not TC, nor does it profess to be) and you know how to use it you really can't go wrong.Get one and have fun! Because it's not programmable I'm getting another.
I'm on my second US600 pedal, after the first one broke.  I plugged in a cheap cord into the input, and when I went to pull it out, it was stuck.  So...I applied a lot of force to pull the cord out.  When I did that, I heard something break inside the pedal, and when I went to use it again, it didn't work.I pulled the pedal apart and inspected it to see about repairs, but ended up opting to buy a new one instead.  Even though the pedal has cheap housing (which worries me a little bit), the Boss equivalent of this pedal is 3 times as much.  So since this isn't a "staple" effect in my pedal board, I'm happy to go with something cheaper for now.Pros:Cheap price- sounds greatCons:Cheap housing - may break if used a lot
I'd rather use a solo-combo pedal to save space, but I find myself shopping separate pedals to satisfy my taste!
They said you could hook up a volume pedal to raise and lower the note you're playing up to three octaves, but I could never get that feature to work properly.From video reviews I've heard on YouTube, this Harmonizer does not even come close to the Boss version, but it costs about $100 less.  Since I am not a professional musician and I am just playing around with it, it works just fine.  And ... you get what you pay for.Addendum:  I've now owned this for a while, and discovered that it can turn my six-string Strat into a bass, by turning the balance knob all the way to the right, and my pitch on the second from bottom position.  In fact, when I record my Dean Edge bass onto the Boss Loop Station and then record my Strat on top of it using the Behringer  Ultra Shifter/Harmonist, I cannot tell any difference in tonality.I am thinking of selling my bass.  It has just become a needless expense.  Needs the neck adjusted twice a year, the strings are expensive, and it is harder to play then my Strat.
The Behringer US600 is well-made. The high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. It is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode.I purchased the US600 specifically for the &#34;Detune&#34; effect. This effect works quite well with single coil pickups going through tube amps. The effect is particularly dramatic when Outputs A & B are fed into two different amps, giving a nice room-filling stereo effect.I was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. The Pitch Shifter produces a very nice lower octave effect, about as good as I have heard anywhere. When using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. This makes the guitar sound HUGE!The Harmonist effect is amusing, but it has limited uses. It won't make you sound like Duane Allman and Dickey Betts playing in harmony. However, it is handy for short solos. I tried it in the key of G and got useful results.The Trem Bar would work well in loud uses like metal. The Flutter effect gives a nice Leslie effect sound.Overall I think this device offers more value than many more expensive pedals. I have seen several speak ill of it, but I'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. There is quite a learning curve on this gadget, but fulling results are obtainable if one takes time to master the device.One other observation: This is more of a studio effect than a road effect. There are many individual adjustments that need to be made in order to calibrate each effect. It would be difficult to do this with the box on the floor. I had to place it on top of my rig in order to access the control knobs and make adjustments. The only way it would work well as a floor pedal would be it the device were dedicated to only one effect (Detune, for example) while gigging.In conclusion, I debated for months whether or not to purchase this effect. I'm glad I finally decided to get it. The great sounding Detune effect alone makes it worth the price. The Octave effect from the Pitch Shifter is a nice bonus. The other effects are icing on the cake. Kudos to Behringer for building another reasonably priced effect for the home studio enthusiast and the weekend warrior!
The Seller shipped very fast and I give them 5 plus stars; this review is regarding the actual product.The Behring US600 is a basic pitch shifter, don't expect elaborate effects.Made of plastic; not as sturdy as a BOSS pedal.Goes through 9V batteries quickly, so stock up.If you use an A/C adapter, get a hum eliminator.(Curse you 60 cycle!)Also run the US600 AFTER the distortion for optimum performance.Other wise you are shifting the clean signal.Distortion, pitch shifter, chorus, then out.This pedal gives you a sweet 12-string chorus sound and that alone is worth the 45 bones. The dive bombs, reverse dive bombs, and flutter are there. Don't expect a 2 octave bottom, because it doesn't do that.You will not sound like a Thin Lizzy dual guitar lead, but you can get that Bryan May, Queensryche meets the Allman Brothers harmonies in 3rds.For those on a budget, this pedal does what it doesn't advertise.Lacks true instructions, so go to YouTube and watch demos.
Super cool pedal with tons of applications. it sounds great for recording. i wouldn't take it on a tour or anything, it is plastic. the harmonizing function can be buggy at times. the trem function works great. it has a input for an expression pedal and i would recommend using one to save your pedal the wear......it is plastic. I love Behringer pedals, for the price you can get a ton of great sounding and functioning pedals at more than half the price of the Boss counterparts. one of my favorite pedals of all time.
I use the US600 for short lead riffs, it works great in a sweetening role. It is easy to change the key manually, in point of fact, much easier than I originally thought.  It's a main-stay on my pedal board now.
Well like everyone knows this is the copy of the Boss but a lot cheaper than that. It works just fine and i'm happy with it. Anyway if you mean to play at home or in a garage or if you have a band to perform this is a good pedal. If you want more from a pedal the Boss is the one you are going to pick, but overall you should give this a chance.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...It's exactly what you would expect from Behringer, it works...it's not great but it get's the job done, i feel it takes quite a bit of brightness and definition but it's still pretty useful for less than $25I don't regret geting this because delays are so much fun but i wonder if i should have gone withDanelectro D-8 Fab 600Ms Delaywell, maybe next time...I give it a 3 out of 5, it wasn't this time Behringer surprised me.
This delay pedal was so cheap that I could not pass it up.  and let me tell you, it is easy and fun to use!  I stopped messign with the reverb in my amp and now only use this for a much nice sounds from my guitar.  I actually bought it to try some experiments with my harmonica, but those were dismal failures.  Big win for the guitar though!
But is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  Use a plugin instead.  I like some of Behringer products even though they are snobbed.  This particular unit is not one of their finest products but I give them credit for the price point and effort.  Someone will appreciate it but not me.  It sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what I want.  Cheap, so no big loss.
If you want to have an interesting echo and repeat, this is worth the minimal investment.  I recommend buying the multi-plug power supply as it goes through batteries fairly quickly and you will likely be buying other pedals to compliment this one.
behringer products are cheap. some of them have good quality both in make and sound. hopefully, behringer will make it even better next time without compromising the price.
Perfect pedal it sounds great no matter what your levels are. Not noisy at all so fits in with other pedals on your board great.
This does some fairly cool things to the sound, but there is a lot more out there.  This would be great for a new person experimenting with effects
For the price of these I am very happy with the purchase.  I feel it sounds really good and has many settings.  I think the build on these are fine for daily use.  Don't expect it to break anytime soon anyway.
I replaced my delay foot pedal with the Behringer VD400 Analog Delay. For the money it is a more than a competent addition to my pedal board . It is doing exactly what I expected and much more. The big name delay I replaced , in all honesty , wasn't as good. I have more room and control with this pedal. Also I can buy six of these pedals for what I paid for the last one ... You do the math!!!!
This thing is simple to set up and has a nice warm tone that I like for clean delays.  I also got the TC electronics nova repeater which has more options, tap tempo and stereo out, I use that one for distorted delays and dotted 8ths. They are both great pedals that I use all the time.
Ok I replaced my Boss DD3 with this pedal because the boss was the only digital pedal I had left on my board and I wanted a complete analog board. This pedal is more subtle then the Boss but if you want some delay to fatten up those lead tones and retain the sound of your amp then look no further. MXR is by far better then Boss IMHO and I do love my DD3.
This is super warm and can get very trippy.  I like the depth it adds to everything from subtle, extreme and whatever else, the mod switch is great for the flutter effect too, nice extra.  600 milliseconds really is more than enough and I have a highend tape type unit that is something like 2.5 seconds but for what this does, more than enough.  I like retro and this is it, I used this on a show the day I got it and it was noticed by all.  I have to say MXR has really stepped up their stuff, very musical pedal.  Again, do your Youtube homework and listen around and you'll come to your conclusion.  Amazon is great to deal with.
Love this pedal. The Mod button just makes it sound like tremolo to me and I have great classic Fender tremolo on the amp I use so I don't use that option much. I just use it for when I want a little slap-back and it works great for that and provides a real nice analog tone.
This is a great effect. I am very happy with it. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This delay device is (on my humble opinion) probably the best delay out there. It is very sensitive and delivers as it should, with a delay rate from 0 to 600 miliseconds. Most units offer a max of around the 400 mark and are normally quite large in size and take a lot of space on the pedal boards. This pedal is just another little pedal on your board that will deliver. I am actually sure this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
One of the great surprises in the last couple of years has been the MXR Carbon Copy delay pedal. Designed by Way Huge founder Jeorge Tripps, is a great analog delay for under $175.00. Using bucket brigade circuitry, true bypass and a very simple 3 knob interface, the Carbon Copy is a very flexible unit. Utilizing the "modulation" switch, you can achieve a slight chorusing sound (like the flutter from old tape echoes) which can be adjusted via the internal trim pot.The unit has a small footprint (like most MXR pedals) so it is very pedal board friendly.This is truly a great sounding delay so try one out
What can I say? First it's MXR...enough said. This company (Dunlop) gets it right with the MXR line. I was a Boss guy but was never really happy with the delay or chorus from them. I don't hate Boss and use their Super-Overdrive in my chain. I already own a MXR Dyna Comp & Phaser 90 pedal so I took the leap and bought this delay. Wow! It's so much warmer than the Boss. Side by side the MXR won hands down...well at least for me. It goes from slap-back to space shot very easily... It's a great pedal that may well replace how much reverb you use... I'm really happy with this and would replace it god forbid...
This pedal really hits the spot!Warm vintage analog slap-back delay with optional modulation and ability to self oscillate (which, if you are a fan of Johnny Greenwood, you will love!). I also use it to give my guitar some sort of ambient sound, with the modulation on and very short delay time, sounds almost like a phaser.
This is a great analog delay, analog meaning you're not gonna get a lot of crazy sounds and delays that last forever. If you're looking to get creative with lots of weird sounds, get the Boss Digital Delay. This pedal is intended to just color your tone a little bit and it does so in a spectacular way. I'm very pleased with it.
I own alot of MXR pedals and this one is one of my favorites. This is one of the top delay pedals the pro's use. It is super simple to use, Regen is how many repeats you want, Delay is how long you want the delay to be and the Mix is basically how loud you want delay to be in your mix. You can get all the great delays out of this one pedal. From Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love, to the Randy Rhoads solos of the 80's. There is also a little MOD button which seems to add some depth to the pedal, really makes it seem a bit fuller. I like that feature alot.
this pedal worked well, but I sent it back because thru my marshall itgenerated a lot more line noise than I like, other than that it was cool!!!!
This is a warm analog delay with a great deal of range.  Its warm and the modulation sounds great.  This is not a digital delay the echos will not be exactly what you play, but that is why you get an analog delay, so you hear the part just a little to the left.  Get it, it is tank tough and endless hours of fun.
I don't have any problems with this pedal, but for the price I would just go with the Way Huge Aqua Puss for an analog delay.
It's the Tube Screamer of delay pedals. I use mine primarily to thicken up my tone, and definitely would miss it if it were not on my board. I have used it for situations that call for deep delay, and love the mod function which can get pretty spacey... I fall back on a EHX Memory Man chained to an Anaolgizer for a sick ping pong between the 2 delays in experimentation sequences, but when playing blues or thrash, I use it as tone beef only. Low settings not too echo-ey, more like a bass'd out reverb.There are literally a million different ways you can use this pedal, and it is a testament to it's versatility that it pops up on so many pedal boards in so many different genres.Hey - stop reading this and order it! Now!!!!
This is a great pedal, very well made and fairly compact so as to fit in pretty well on my small pedal board. I also like the tone a lot. Bear in mind I like the more vintage tones, it's not a crisp, crystal clear tone like you'd get with a digital delay, it's got more warmth.There's a great video on YT from proguitarshop.com that demos it very well. It's got great short and long delay, very smooth feel and the mod switch adds just the right amount of modulation to your tone to make it a tad fuller. This is not a bright sounding delay, it can be a tad dark at times if you're not careful.I use this for my long delay sounds and use another delay for short, slap back and echo sounds, it's a Mooer micropedal. They work well together too to get a huge, fuller, ambient type of sound going. I put the Mooer before the MXR in my chain. I use all my pedals right into the front of my amp as there's no effects loop.I hope this helps your decision. If you like warm, old school tones you'll dig this pedal.
I already had this pedal, but needed to add a little delay to two separate channels (stereo).  I liked this delay so much, that rather than buy a stereo delay, I bought another MXR Carbon Copy!
I had the Behringer DR 600 (Ultra Reverb), but was unhappy with its tone and limited selection of reverb sounds. Although this unit is only $10 more, the difference in sound and tone may as well be $100 difference in quality of sound. That is, this one really sounds super once you adjust it to your own preferences. It may not have every reverb sound, but it has a nice selection, and they cover an impressive range, as well as giving you the option of &#34;wet&#34; (full) or &#34;dry&#34; (tinny) sounds and a &#34;trails&#34; that essentially adds some sustain. There's also an &#34;echo&#34; setting, but it's not very pronounced, though it does add an &#34;echo-like&#34; sound.So, my complaints are not with the quality of the machine or the range of effects or their qualities.There are a couple of annoying inconveniences. One is the BRIGHT blue light (indicating &#34;on&#34;). This has been commented on before. I have an array of pedals and this one is as bright as all the others combined. When it's on, you can't read the dials because of the glare in your eyes. I did find a solution. I put dark nail polish over the LED bulb. I had to put it on and wait for it to dry and reapply several times to get the dimming I desired.The second annoyance is that the name of the pedal is in black letters against a dark blue pedal color. This is impossible to read in stage (or even dim room) lighting. Of course, you can &#34;remember&#34; where it is or which one it is, but my other Behringer pedals all have white lettering, making them much easier to read. Every B. pedal has its own distinctive color, so that helps. My solution to this little dilemma was to buy some 1/4&#34; white vinyl letters from Office Depot and put them over the words &#34;REVERB&#34; on the pedal.It was annoying to have to make these cosmetic changes, but now I'm much happier with the pedal and can enjoy its sound instead of focusing on these minor irritations.
I've been using and abusing pedal effects since the 1970's.  [...] , running all sorts of things through them, chaining them in all sorts of configurations, and have endured many 'wall wart' pedal meltdowns over the years. I said all that b/c I don't want to come off as condescending. I've learned that the single most effective way to power pedals properly is to have an infinite number of 9v batteries, or to be very careful to match pedal inputs with correct adaptor outputs. Check the polarity of the tip - is the tip positive or negative? You'll fry a Boss pedal in a flash if you plug a hot positive tip into one. Make sure the polarity matches (most pedals want negative tip adaptors, except Digitech which want 1/8" plugs). Make sure the voltage matches. A 3v adaptor into a 9v pedal won't power it. Checking that these things are right will save you some $, and some of the Behringer pedals (I use about six of them on my board...see product links) are "polarity fragile", and will break right away with the wrong adaptor. I fried a BBE delay the same way. Happy Effecting!!Behringer SM200 Slow Motion Effects PedalBehringer DD400  Guitar Delay Effect PedalBehringer CS400 Compressor Sustainer Ultimate Dynamics Effects PedalBehringer ADI21 V-Tone AcousticBehringer PB100 Preamplifier/Volume BoosterBehringer PH9 Classic 90 Phase ShifterBehringer US600 Ultra Shifter/Harmonist Ultimate Pitch Shifter / Harmonist Effects PedalBBE TWO TIMER DUAL MODEDigiTech DGR Grunge Analog-Distortion PedalElectro-Harmonix Micro Q-Tron Envelope Follower PedalJim Dunlop M104 Mxr M104 Distortion +DigiTech RP155 Guitar Multi-Effects Processor
Thought I would give this pedal a shot since it was inexpensive and sounded really good in the online videos posted for it.  Pros:  Very good sound quality, many options for echo to suit every individual taste, bright blue & flashing red (for tap tempo) LED's, stereo - dual out/in operation, tape + analog + digital types of delay = awesome, guitar signal "smooths out" when engaged, and class A bypass.  Cons:  Volume decrease by a hair when you engage the pedal, signal becomes a little bass-ier (but it sounds good) with the analog echoes, batteries go FAST (get the adapter).All in all, it was worth the money.  Comes with a warranty too, so no reason not to try it.  A lot of options available with this good-sounding pedal.
Pros:I bought this pedal primarily in place of a volume pedal, or swell pedal, because it does that function fairly well, and a lot cheaper. Aside from that, it also does nearly every other type of delay needed:*the tape/digital/analog switch slightly changes the sound of each delay*the trails feature can be useful for holding a sound (in swell mode with high repeats) when the pedal is &#34;off&#34; and then playing over it with notes or harmony*the time knob acts like an analog knob, pitch shifting when turned after playing a note*the repeats knob can go from a little more than one repeat to self oscillation (sometimes runaway) depending on the delay type*the mix knob can nearly cut out the dry signal*stereo input allows for multiple instruments to play into itWhile the pedal has small problems, it compensates by inexpensive fixesCons:The modulation is a kind of adjustable width/depth all in one knob, and isn't the best compared to a chorus pedal. Just a general warbleThe blue led is VERY bright, to the point where you can't see the settings on the knobs, so I cover it with a sticker (it still shows through enough haha)*The casing is plastic, but it is thick and durable enough (maybe not for consistent gigging)*being a digital effect, the footswitch is not state dependent, in other words, if you turn off the pedal, unplug it, and plug it back in, the pedal will turn on*because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off*the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift up*there is no noticeable &#34;click&#34; when you change delay type; however, the led flashesOther notes:almost half the weight of the pedal is the bottom metal plate. The pedal without it feels shockingly lightweight, but with it has a good amount of heft.
For those that don't know, this pedal is a copy of the more expensive Line 6 Echo Park. The two things that make it better than the real deal are the lower price and the (IMO) better tap tempo. You have to do an odd sort of clicking sequence with the Echo Park, but with the Echo Machine you simply hold down the footswitch for 2 seconds, and then set your tap tempo. When you're satisfied, just hold again to enter regular on/off mode. Foolproof.Some folks will point to superior construction with the Echo Park, and I won't totally deny that. That said, the effects modules and the construction of the Behringer pedals are basically the same - plastic where you'd like metal, and surface mount construction (practical maintenance is really only possible by the manufacturer). But again, there is a switch in the tone dock that requires maintenance at some point - if it can't be cleaned up, the dock becomes a paperweight.As best I can tell, all the other settings are the same between this copy and the original. That makes sense, as it saves Behringer the costs of any R&D; - they just had to make it fit in the dimensions of their enclosures, and alter the tap tempo algorithm/access. That's a win for the customer because it decreases the price. For those who find a moral dilemma in buying a copy of something else, I'd submit that most of what is in your pedal collection has probably been either partly or wholly copied from something else. Unless you want to restrict yourself to the known originals and the prices they fetch, this is oftentimes the standard option. If there is a worthy improvement (IMO in a practical sense usually more than a sonic one), it would kind of behoove you to insist on the original. The tap tempo on the EM600 earns its purchase, just like the lower noise floor of the Biyang Compress X earns it as a purchase over what it copies 1:1 - the venerable MXR Dyna Comp.So why only 4 stars? Because it's a 2-way street - the cost cutting means that this pedal will potentially be something for the landfill in years to come. There's no denying this, and to get 5 stars requires unsurpassed durability at any price point. Despite what you may think, it can be done - the flipside is an ever so slightly higher cost. Behringer probably decided they preferred the increased profit per unit instead, or didn't want to go above a certain price point and risk getting beat by direct competitors.The other BIG reason to knock a star off is that with a little amp that you have to crank to get acceptable volumes from, there is quite a bit of audible hiss from this pedal. If all I used were my bigger amps, I would have never noticed, and it wouldn't have been an issue at all. But the 21st century is a time of lower playing volumes in live settings, which means the smaller amps are more popular. So the hiss could absolutely be a deal breaker. It might be slightly lower than the P.A. you're using, but I wouldn't be so sure. I'd say you'd want a (true) 30 watt amp to ensure this isn't an issue, but that may be absolute overkill for the gigs you play.But my aggravations are really small ones. Overall, this pedal works fine through any amp I've tried it with, as some are kind of picky especially with delay pedals. I've typically found digital delay to work better with drive/OD/distortion pedals as opposed to analog delay, and this pedal is no different - as much as I like my MXR Carbon Copy and BBE Two Timer, they aren't nearly as flexible. This one IMO is on par with the flexibility of the old Boss DD-2/DD-3 or Danelectro Dan Echo. But it surpasses them with all of the different types of delay effects. Many of those are something I would never use, but I could imagine how others would absolutely love them. Or - they could come in handy for something specific, or be great flexibility in the recording studio.Also worth considering is that at the EM600's price, you could buy a backup or a 2nd one for different settings.
This pedal is amazing. It has so many functions. Unless your a caveman there is no need to worry about it being plastic. I love this pedal and I would completely recommend it.
Had I known what I was getting I would never have ordered it.  There are gig bags and there are gig bags.  I've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags.  I expected more. This one offers almost no protection.  The only reason I have not returned it yet is that the return shipping will leave little to refund, but may end up returning it anyway.It *did* fit my Kala KA-TG with room to spare.
This is my second Makala gig bag. The first was a smaller size for my MK-C concert uke, the second was the one above that I purchased for my Oscar Schmidt Tenor OU6.My OU6 actually came with an O.S. logo'd gig bag included, but while I love the uke the bag was PA-thetic. Single layer of fabric providing no protection. After comparing that bag to the one for my Makala uke, I came straight to this page and ordered another Makala bag.Why do I like this bag better? Its multiple layers provide some padding and protection for the uke inside.  You can carry it around, set it down, let it roll around the back seat of your car (a little) without blemish to your instrument.  As good as a hard case?  Of course not. But very good for a bag.I also like the fact that there's no logo on the outside. I can buy a decent bag and put whatever uke I want inside. That was a disappointment for another reviewer, for me it's a plus.What don't I like?  The dorky pad around the handle.  Both my concert & tenor bags had the handle pad and the first project for both was to remove it.  It's not as if the uke inside weighs so much you need a special pad for the handle!  And it just looks better without it.
It cannot be denied that the BOSS DD-7 is a versatile effective product...And it does EXACTLY what it claims to do, and does it well - but - I have a mixed relationship with this pedal...On one hand it does so many things with REVERSE / MODULATE / ANALOG settings as well as a half dozen other delay related settings it's a versatile tool - in fact it does everything you could ask a delay pedal to do except one thing... (one thing)In a live setting you have to set it and forget it (period)The four tiny fragile control knobs and the tiny black printed control panel are UN-USABLE (cannot be used) in a live dark stage environment...so when I'm at home putzing around on my guitar the BOSS DD-7 sits on my pedal board and gets used, but when I have a gig, it get's pulled from the board and the MXR Carbon Copy gets plugged into the slot and gets the nod in the performance category... The MXR Carbon Copy can be controlled by your foot and can be read from a standing position under any lighting conditions... so it gets used up there when the pressure is onThe BOSS DD-7 is a great pedal in a well lit practice environment ONLY - if you go live with it - good luck
HOLD feature allows you to "record" individual "tracks" and overlap them on one another on the go--live!  Dont get too ambitious though as the more "tracks" you add the more distorted the sound becomes.  I haven't used expensive rack units etc., but this is great fun and versatility allows many different uses.  Excellent value.  Battery runs out fast so get an AC adaptor!
This one has an insane tonal range and a lot of cool features. The analog delay is just as great as the loop feature in this pedal.
I literally just took this pedal out of the box an hour and a half ago and it has already blown me away. I've only begun to scratch the surface of what this pedal can do, and i've made funky/weird loops of sound, bizarre cricket noises, long delays that instead of fading out actually get LOUDER with time. I dont know how else to say it, If you are looking for a delay pedal, you just found it. This thing can do anything.It feels like the iPhone of delay pedals to me so far... like it can do all this crazy cool stuff... but oh yeah, it can also just do an echo too. (Wait, you can call people with an iPhone?)I could have waited a week or so to really learn everything this pedal can do and write a detailed review of it's performance, but i dont feel i have to. It's the latest BOSS delay pedal... what else is there to say?Also with the price range of 130-160 dollars its a huge bargin compared to other BOSS pedals that might pull off a similar effect such as the RC-2($180-200), or RC-20XL($240-300). Granted i know very little about the FULL capabilities of those pedals, but the DD-7 has up to 40 seconds worth of loop play in "Hold" mode. And the hold mode is so much more sophisticated that what I am familiar with... since previous to this pedal i have only tampered with the DD-3.Sorry if I'm rambling, but seriously I'm in love with this pedal. Perhaps i will post a video demo of some of the weird junk you can do with it at some point.
Excelent product, great quality and useful in many different ways, I specially use it for looping and create new options for soloing, since it can record up to 40 seconds and it will not end unless you stop it, this is a great tool for experimenting with all your rythms and solos, I also have it connected in a FXs loop with the Mustang fender IV, and it works just perfect in stereo mode, the reverse mode rocks, allows you to do great fading delay violing efect, this is simply the best pedal I got since it's so versatile, I do play Metalcore and alt rock most of all and it works like a champ!! Love it
Pedal infaltable!! Es muyy bueno!! tiene todo lo que se necesita en un delay!! Como solo boss lo sabe hacer!!
This pedal is awesome. Not only does the DD-7 offer standard dealy and echo it also has reverse delay, modulation, and loop functions. It's capable of looping up to 40 seconds of play which is a wonderful tool for writing two and three part harmonies or working out timing. This pedal is amazing and I highly recomend it for any guitar player. Most of my pedals are Boss because they only build their equipment to industrial strength and standards. This means their stuff is made to last. No flimsy plastics, cheap rubber, or faulty components or parts will cut it in Boss's supieror product line.
Needed this cable to hook up my Dean EVO to a practice amp. Can't complain; it's a pretty nice, standard instrument cable that makes my guitar sound clean and loud, which is what I wanted.
These cables are made from top quality components and expertly assembled in the USA.  I had one just like this with the Neutrik connectors (gave away as gift) and now have two with the G&H; Show Saver connector option.  This makes them similar to some boutique cables that cost three times the price.These cables are well-balanced with articulate mids and highs and tight bass.  They are well-shielded, look nice, and handle well.You could pay more for gold plating for slightly better corrosion resistance or for woven coverings to make the wire look cute, if you want to.
This is a cheaply built cable.  It has basic ends, they screw on but seem to come loose and need tightening frequently.  The only truly redeeming feature of this cable is it's tiny length : 3 feet.  I use it with my Honey Tone Belt portable ampDanelectro N10A Honey Tone Mini Amp in Aqua, so the cable has to be short.  The amp is on my belt. I use it, thus, just like Jackson and Cole, reviewers below.  Like Jackson, I have a RISA solid body electric ukulele.Let me say, three feet is short, very short.  If you want to put the amp down on the floor, you'd better be (a) short, and (b) siting right over it, because when you find out how limiting three feet cable really is, you'll recognize that you can only use this for one thing: a portable amp, close to or on your body.I suppose you could use it to connect a couple of guitar pedals and not have too much cable, but them again, most connector cables are even shorter.Glad I have it only for the purpose I intended.  Wish it was heftier, stronger, better looking, like my other guitar cables.
I bought these to replace the cruddy cables that came with an all-in-one guitar/amplifier/etc. kit that finally went bad.Seriously, for the price, these can't be beat. I'd even pay a lot more for them. Don't let the off-brand name put you off. Go ahead and get them - you'll be glad you did.I'm using mine on a Strat straight into the amp, and also through effects pedals, and through both paths they work great: no added hiss or other noise, no pops or cracks, nothing. Perfectly quiet cables that deliver the signal from the guitar at full strength without modification.Get 'em.
its very easy to install and are very effective in locking the strap to the guitar! holds it in place and are of high quality material. i recommend it a lot!
I had some issues with my 18-watt all tube amp so I experimented and replaced all the tubes.  Issues not only continued but worsened.  Hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes.  I eventually put back the original El84s and that didn't help.  Once I removed the Tung-Sol 12AX7 preamp tubes and replaced, the hum stopped, sound quality of the amp was consistent, quiet and back to par.  My experience with the Tung-Sol tubes was very, very negative.  They caused me to go out and buy another amp.  I had no idea that brand new tubes could sound so badly that fast.  I'll never buy this brand again.
I recently acquired a Vox Valvetronix AD100vt combo amp from my local Music shop. I use this amp mainly in the Modern UK preamp setting for most of the music I play. When I tried it at the shop it sounded great. Of course, I couldn't go stage level in the shop, so I couldn't really get a feel for the sound.I took it to practice the next day and was really put off by the floppy sound of the low end when "chugging" on the low E. So I went about experimenting. First, I converted the combo amp to a closed back speaker cabinet instead of the original Vox open-back design. Small improvement, but not close enough.After couple of weeks, I also noticed some volume variations as I played. With a little research, I found that it is one of the signs of a bad tube. I did a little more research on the 12AX7 tubes and found that they are not all created equal (of course) and was looking for one with tighter low end. This one came up in the specs of doing just that. (I believe it was x[...] where I got that info)I got the tube this morning put some gloves on an went about switching out the tube. (YES. TREAT THESE LIKE HALOGEN BULBS. THE OIL FROM YOUR SKIN WILL CREATE HOTSPOTS AND DAMAGE THE TUBE QUICKLY) I pulled out a GT Groove tube from the amp. I was totally surprised! Groove Tubes were THE tubes to have in the late '80s. Now a days, I read they are rebranded Chinese tubes. So sad.Anyway, total tone improvement. Got the bottom end I wanted and I had to make some significant eq adjustments from my original settings and easily nailed the tone I was so looking forward to.
Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. Maybe it is built better? But thats yet to be seen. I did put a EH6V6 in with the Chinese preamp tube and did notice an improvement but the EH6V6 only lasted five minutes and shorted out. So i sent it back. I ordered a TS 6V6 and am still waiting for it. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell.
Well made tube with good amount of gain and highs. Excellent for cleans and crunch due to increased clarity. For high gain metal, however, I found that it's a bit too hairy. For instance, as V1 position in my preamp, it had a little too much trebly sizzle versus other tubes. For comparison, a Sovtek has less of this "hair" and is tighter sounding but also has more of an upper mid-range fizz which can get annoying. In the end, I switched the Tung Sol with a Ruby AC7 which was formerly in the V2 (overdrive) position, and that got me better articulation with less fizz. So Ruby AC7 in V1, Tung Sol in V2 - that's been my best combo so far.
Excellent value and you know what... It is identical in every way with the Retail store Product! Same made in CHINA product with another no name LOGO stuck to it. Perfect for the Garage Band!
This is a great basic mic stand for live and studio use, although I don't suggest using this and playing guitar. Great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. it does not come with a mic clip, so you'll need to get one. it's a great deal, buy it!
Bought for home use, bought the musicians gear 13" gooseneck to go along with it for playing guitar while singing. great mic stand for the price.
This mic stand is a great value! This stand is very sturdy and it can to adjust to any length needed. I bought a few years back and it's still working amazing till this day. If you're purchasing a mic soon, you will need one of these stands. Just make sure that your mic comes with a shock mount because the stand tends to move a little but other than that, it's a great buy!
There's nothing wrong with this stand, but for the life of me I cannot imagine how a manufacturer could manage to screw up an plain old straight mic stand.
Mic Stands can be a hassle sometimes. This is not one of those. Always works. Adjusts easy. Holds in Place. Great all black look. Built to last and great price as well.
Bought this stand after tripping over the three legged design.  Works great and base is out of your way.  Much less likely to catch your feet on as you move around.
The black mike stand blends in to the background better than silver. It fits standard microphone mounts and has a wire clip to keep the wire from being pulled away from the base.
The adjustment screw/handle bit still works after 2 years, and the base is heavy- a cast metal.They look good and the paint lasts- great for a performance space.Now about the title- I used one (I own 2) as a sledge hammer during a band bonding event. The base ended up striking the concrete patio, and a chunk of the base broke off. Not a issue with manufacturer, but don't drop it too hard. Despite the break, the stand still sits upright, and i still use it.nice and cheap.
Overall this is a pretty good stand. It is sturdy and has good adjustable heights. A good value if you have lots of stuff you need to hang on it. I took one star off because the bottom part is kind of awkward fro holding up the guitar as the guitar strap peg is at the very bottom and is the only thing touching the bottom of the stand which make sit easy to fall and I've had it fall a number of times. I'm just thinking that they could of designed the bottom wider. Also the edges of my guitars are always touching as if there is not enough room for them on the stand.
I got mine and I gave it a try, here are the conclusions:1. It looks really good, sturdy and well made.2. Is super stable, I tried it out with: 2 Strats and a electro acoustic, then removed one  Strat and placed another acoustic (a 12 string this time). I pushed the stand and.... It holds. As guitar are hanging and they are secured on the top i believe is really difficult for a guitar/bass or whatever you put in there falls down.3. You can set the height, always considering that your guitars don't reach the floor.So....... Totally recommended!
For me this stand is very well built, not hard to assemble pretty much a no brainer and a great price. They don't touch the floor. There are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (Fender, Ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so I don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. It takes up very little space, the biggest plus!
My band was playing out one night, I use an amp stand that was on the stage. I really liked how elevating my little amp helped improve it's sound and decided I had to have one. I started searching around and found this product. The price was right so I took a chance and purchased one sight unseen. The Musician's Gear stand does everything I needed it to. It arrived in three days was well packaged and easy to assemble. It's light weight, portable and well constructed and would safely support an amp up to 75lbs. I would recommend this product to anyone with an amplifier 75lbs or less.
I'm enjoying it.  I actually bought it keep my amp off the floor but I also like that it puts the amp at an angle pointing upwards.  It's supporting my 50 pound amp easily and hasn't tilted back or fallen over.  I'm glad I bought it and would buy from the company again.  Thank You.
Expect less for that price. Excellent, fine manufacturing, good finish. Perfect for my Line 6, 75 wt. It works well at all heights.
Although I never gigged with it I think this would be great for any musician who gigs with a 2x12 or a 2x10 combo amp. I used this with various fender and line 6 amps and it worked great for amplifying the sound. Would buy again if given the circumstance.
If was looking to get my 3 amps off the flood. I have 2 70w 12&#34; amps and a big Fender DSP 212. I am using this for my 1-12 amps. It works very well. I recommend them to do the job for the $$. I am not sure I would use them for a $1,200 Sunn V4 4x12 cabinet
This stand easily supports my 50 poundFender Frontman 212R 100-Watt 2x12-Inch Guitar Combo Ampat any height setting. In fact, even extended to the highest the this stand supports that amp with no issues from the center of gravity or weight distribution of the amplifier.I love the ease of setting up and breaking down this stand. It is essentially three parts: the base and two removable arms. Granted that this is heavy, but the added weight is there because this thing is built like a tank.In addition to being rock solid, the parts mate perfectly with no slop in tolerances. The support arms slide into the base with no friction or excess movement, and the height adjustment has three nicely spaced positions. You merely pull back on the spring loaded knobs to release the safety pins that engage the arms for position. Once you line up the holes, release the knobs and the pins solidly engage and hold the amp in place.My only complaint - and it is more of a wish - is the tilt of the stand is at a fixed angle. I would love it if I could adjust that too, but I am sure that it would drive up the price of the stand. One final note: these significantly increase the footprint of an amp on stage. Specifically, it increases the depth dimension by nearly 100% of my Frontman 212R, although the difference in length is nominal. I mention this so you can factor that in if you normally play small venues with cramped stages.Overall, this is an excellent stand and one that is stable and heavy-duty. At the current price (at the time of this review) it's a bargain.
Nice little amp stand. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. Helped a lot with vibrations in my apartment building.
A bit heavy and doesn't fold up to be very compact but its not like there are any better options out there so... Would love an aluminum one that could fold up real compact but...
Although, I have a pedal board with 8 effect pedals, there are additional effects on my amplifier.  I can easily now turn and press the desired effect amp button.  Is sturdy and good for price.
=] - Really satisfied with the chair. I cannot explain how cool this chair is. Very glad I got it, definitely worth the price for the great overall value that this chair really gives you.
I use the chair for guitar, bass, keyboards,ukulele and even cooking breakfast. Lightweight, slightly awkward, but provides good back support.As a right-handed player I practice, both classical and jazz style, with the guitar on my left knee. For the position I use in this chair it is necessary to use the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest. I do this to keep my thumb in the center of guitar neck. I can report that I have been very comfortable for long practice sessions.As for the four out of five star review, the price does seem steep when you look at what you get for $85. But it's a nice design and thank you to the designer. I would recommend it to those who can afford it.As for durability..... we shall see. I have had it for three months now and it is still fine.  I use it daily.
Great deal for the price and very sturdily made. Easy to assemble and feels solid. Recommend this if you're tired of sitting on sofa and putting your neck in a bad way to see the music.
Firstly let me address the &#34;adjustable backrest&#34;. There's nothing adjustable about the backrest. The seat moves forward and backward about two inches which actually is a considerable difference in how it feels leaning back against the backrest but the backrest itself doesn't move, the seat does. It also does not adjust up and down as you would think an &#34;adjustable&#34; backrest should. The backrest cushion actually has a hard stop top that prevents this. But the seat does adjust slightly forward and back (presumably this is the purported backrest adjustment the description repeatedly asserts) and it does adjust up and down over quite a range so adjusting for height should not be a problem. The footrest, however, is welded in place so if you plan to use the footrest you're again limited to where you can put the seat in height range.All this aside I am still giving the stool high marks because it's a fair price, it does fold down with some extra dis-assembly for transport to venues and I find it works well for me. But for how it works for me you should know: I wanted this initially to play sitting down without a strap. I found that no matter how I adjusted the stool that I was just not comfortable with how the guitar rested and so I use it now exclusively with a strap. In this way however it's actually really nice because I can use the footrest or not at will and I can also stand up, walk around and then sit back down at will. Without the strap, though, my playing dexterity is compromised by slight balancing required to keep the guitar from smashing to the floor (at least in my mind's eye).If you want a stool that folds up and goes with you this is not that stool. You do need to loosen the screws and take the seat post out and remove the backrest. Then you're left with several pieces to schlep. Not difficult but it would be tedious to do this every day.Overall though I am very happy with the way this stool feels. No more couch and kitchen chairs for me.
This is a rock solid throne that has a wide adjustment range for height and a workable range for the backrest.The height of the backrest is fixed, but you can adjust how far back it can be moved. I am referring to lateral motion and not a tilt angle. The seat itself has a nice, comfortable padding that is about on par with a mid range drum throne (I apologize, but that is my best reference for comparison.)Assembling is simple and fast. I had some issues lining up the seat height that stemmed from the need to perfectly align two outer and two inner holes in the frame and seat bar, but after getting a feel for the tight tolerances I managed to get it done with no problems.Another thing to note is this is primarily for guitarists. The foot rests are not going to be much used by drummers in particular, nor by keyboardists whose feet will probably be busy with sustain and expression pedals. However. this is still ideal for keyboardists because the seat is comfortable and the backrest promotes good posture.I used this with drums. but be aware that the seat will not swivel, so the front bar across the bottom can interfere with pedals and your snare drum stand - unless you move it back a bit.The final note is this is heavy and somewhat clunky to transport. It's not a deal breaker. On the contrary, it will reduce performance fatigue because of the ergonomic design and that alone offsets any inconvenience.
Its very useful. Looks really nice when you have an electric or acoustic on the stand. very durable as well.
Went shopping at the local music store for a guitar case, too expensive.  Went to Amazon found a great case, great price and free stand.
Great value.  Works great.  Easy assembly.  Must fully expand base before you set guitar in it
I bought a couple to replace some of my old rusty chrome stands and was skeptical at first.  I have several bass guitars and they are very stable and very economical.  Have bought several more.
I feared that this stand was not big enough for my guitarr&oacute;n which is at least as big as, but much thicker than, a cello. But its design appeared amenable to some home-modification that might make it work, so at the price I took a chance and bought it. Well, the back of my guitarr&oacute;n bulges out like a blowfish, so the neck could not lay back into the upper fork, but it turned out that when this stand is fully extended, my guitarr&oacute;n's body is very gently clamped between the upper and lower forks, like they were made for that. No modifications needed, not even bending.Some reviewers have said that the slightest bump will knock this stand over, but I suspect that none of those reviewers had all three legs COMPLETELY open and therefore extended to its widest base. If you don't really LOOK closely as you open the legs, you'll think you've reached the stop before the legs are fully open. I didn't have it fully open at first, and it was a just a bit too easy to push over, in my view, but still acceptable. When I discovered that I still had to open all three legs a bit more, I retried it and it was much more steady. That last 1/4" (6.3mm) of movement on each leg was worth 100% improvement. The stand is fully as steady as I had hoped it possibly could be, especially given the price. Amazing.Anyway, I gigged with this stand today and had no problems at all. I even like the way it appears to physically clamp down my guitarr&oacute;n since it seemed to discourage itchy fingers from trying to pick it up while I was on break.
I purchased this along with a new guitar for my daughter. The item works fine. It is not overly strong or stable, but the prices was right.
This seems to be a nice, rugged stand.  Much better than the one I received with a guitar I ordered.  It went together fast and is well padded.  It cradles my guitar well and seems to be solid.  I'm not sure how much I will use it now I have discovered guitar wall hangers, or string swings.  I prefer hanging them on the wall and not having them on the floor in the way, just my preference.I suppose these would be good for mic night or doing a gig, but I don't expect that will ever be something I do unless I get a lot better than I am now.  I still suck....but I'm having fun and trying.
Great stand, durable, folds down nicely and really does the job!  I keep one at home and just ordered another one for school.
Not a whole lot to say about it. Quality materials. Works well. Love to keep my Taylor on it, but had to re-case the guitar during our low humidity days.
would buy again, works great, built good, steady, strong, I bought 5 of these total from diff. dealers, all do great
The stand arrived very quickly.  Came in a few pieces but took all of about 45 seconds to put it together.  the neck is adjustable which will allow it to hold multiple sized guitar.  Excellent product.
Works like its supposed to. No complaints at all for the price. I will be buying more in the future.
I used to just have my electric guitar on the chair behind the amplifier. Now with this stand it sits front and center next to my computer. It really makes the guitar stand out. It was relatively easy to assemble with just one person doing it. I recommend this product. Works as advertised and looks sturdy like it will last a long time.
Last week I ordered a Guardian Electric Guitar Stand (A-Shape, Black) Price: $10.99 from Amazon based on an average 4-star review.  I read the reviews first and placed the order, for a cheap, collapsible guitar stand for my electric guitars and bass.  When I got the stand and opened it for the first time and tried to put my Fender Jazz bass on it - lol - no way.  Worthless, and it's now holding my son's 3/4 size classical guitar (barely).Undaunted, I ordered this Musician's Gear stand.  Less expensive than the Guardian, it holds my Gibson CS-356 Custom with no problem and I would trust it with any and all of my electric guitars or basses.  The bottom piece that supports the body of the guitar rotates, and that's a little strange (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but with a little care you can put a guitar into it and remove it with little or no attention to placement. For $8, you can't beat it.JM Tepper
It is a guitar stand... does what it is built to do... good buy for the cost... I would purchase again.
My guitar, just Love it! This stand is exactly what I hoped it would be. It is all I want or need from a stand.
I have bought three of these. I managed to break one of them where the cradle attaches to the stand. The connection could be stronger, but it was my fault that I broke it. They do a good job of holding my guitars and they look nice.
It works well I mean it doesn't crumble apart or anything. I use a Fender so its not as much of a worry but I have had one and seen other Les Pauls fall over sideways or get bumped into, they then fall and break the headstock. That's why I don't use them anymore.
Its a nice stand....cheap, but should suffice. I wouldnt use it for a real valuable guitar but for a kick around gigging stand it should be fine.
great stand well made safe for ur guitar and practical w safety cord on top . worth getting it. this is one of the better stands out there cuz its well made and great cushined for ur guitar,, and with a great price,
This is a very well made guitar stand. it is stury and strong and light wieght all at the same time. I bought this stand for my sons first guitar but I may have to order myself one as well. for the price this stand just can't be bet.
This guitar stand was very inexpensive and very easy to assemble.  I have no complaints about this stand at all
Comes unassembled but is a no brainer to connect the 2 pieces to the frame. works well more stable than my 14 dollar stand.
I purchased this stand for my electric guitar and used it for a couple of weeks before the weak weld broke on the neck holder at the top when I placed my guitar in it. Upon close inspection, the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube. The tubing is made from very thin round steel tubing that is maybe .025&#34; wall, so don't expect it to take much abuse before it snaps off- even if it is welded better than mine was. Just folding the legs repeatedly back and forth will likely cause it to break or pop out one of light duty aluminum rivets on the legs- it is literally that thin of metal tubing.For $10-11 I did not expect perfection, so to it's credit- it is foam covered where it needs to be and has never scratched my guitars.This stand does have one other good quality- it is CHEAP! Since it was less that $11, I cannot see going through the hassle of returning it. I was able to carefully weld mine back together- but this would probably not be an option for most. The stand might work fine if you don't fold it up regularly and if you leave it set up- but If you need portability and durability- I would definitely purchase a better quality stand.
Wrestling the guitar in and out of the case when you want to practice is inconvenient.  This stand allow for a reasonably safe place to store a guitar when it is out of the case.  It even has a band across the neck of the guitar to keep it in the rack. I like it as a safe stoage place as well as the ease it offers to grab my guitar and practice for a few minutes.  It is a reasonably well made rack at a very good price.  It is much safer to have my guitar in this rack than laying about in the house waiting for someone to step on my guitar.update: January 7, 2013...  liked the first one so much I got two more for my other two guitars.  I love being able to pick up one of the three and do a few licks.  Each one is different and now they are all three out of the their cases and at my fingertips.  The price is right and they keep them safely stored.
This is really a no frills stand, except the addition of a neck guard strap, which is a nice touch. It is adjustable for different size guitars and quite stable. There's really not a lot more to say about it, except that, at $7.95, i dont see how you could possibly be disappointed. I would certainly not spend 20 or 30 dollars on a stand when i could buy one of these.
I am very pleased with the quality of this stand. It is actually better than my other two and costs a lot less. It shipped on time and the packing was good.
This stand really is pretty tough. I have carries it in my gig bag and it has been thrown around and stepped on etc.... Still works great.
Seems like a good and sturdy stand for the money, my banjo likes it.  It was shipped quickly and in good shape, thanks!
A good moderately priced guitar stand.I had concerns over the foam rubber cushions affecting the finish on my guitar and as a result I replaced them with standard inexpensive vinyl tubing purchased from the local hardware store.A good moderately priced guitar stand. I would recommend purchasing it.
A inexpensive guitar stand that was easy to assemble (1 minute) and holds up well. Very pleased with this purchase.
I use this stand to put my acoustic guitar on it. A day doesn't go by where the stand is not in use.
Just finished setting it up. Works perfect. Stout, stable, and even looks good. It's holding a Gibson Les Paul, so it has to be trustworthy! Great price. Wayne
I was a little unsure when I was unpacking this stand as the actual rack swings side to side. When I put my guitar on it, it was fine, it held perfectly. This cradles my guitar nicely. I just wish that it was like the one in the picture and was straight. It actually reclines back fairly far. Well, father than it looks like it would in the pics. I will recommend this to anybody in my life who ends up needing a guitar rack in the future.
I got 2 of these for my Electric guitars.  They do indeed work, and the stand legs are decent.  DO be careful when un-folding as pinching of skin would be very easy.  The guitar body cradle is very loose and spins around real easy.  The guitar does fit on it well and the neck cradle works well.  I have had no problem with the foam cushion so far (I have modern finishes on my guitars  I don't think I can put my guitars in their gig bags on these stands which is a bit disappointing.  My Epiphone LP seems a bit more tippy on the stand than the Turser Strat knockoff, but that is more the design of the guitar than the stands fault.  I also like the little rubber grommet keepers they include. All in all these aren't bad.  Not quite perfect- but a good value for the money.
I like that this is fairly light.  It works as expected and has not given me any problems.  I recommend this item.
Soume times you just need a transformer-based, low amperage power supply for pedal where the switchmode-based, modern supplies are just too noisy.  This was the cheapest.  So it goes.
I've had this for 4 days and so far it's still working perfectly. I use it for my distortion box as a lot of people are as well. If you're looking for a 9v power supply with negative tip for your effects box, this is great.
you will want this to save your battery's when there is no power around not much more to say good luck
Right product at the right price.  I have 20-25 of these dang things layin around cause I never throw them out.  but never fails I need one I don't have(to drive a zoom pedal to save on batteries), and here it was.
Nothing makes a customer more mad than to buy something that just doesn't work.  Well,....that's not the case here.  This power supply is well made (durable) and performs to the specs supplied.  I guess a person can take the risk of buying a variable output adaptor with the proper power pin configuration,...but why go to all that trouble?  This product lives up to it's calling.  Besides, who wants to keep changing batteries in the Stobe Tuner (Planet Waves) when this power adaptor is easy to plug in and forget.  I gave it a 5-star rating because the price is fair, the product is well made and works, and it was shipped well within the promised time.  By today's standards, that's as good as it gets.DP
This is what these things should cost and this is how they should work.  I will be trying this out in a chain of effects (as the single power supply) so I will report back if it cannot do that.  Works as expected for 1 to 1 pedal power.  Enough said.
nice and fine product  working for many hours with no degradation of the sound , no too much heat and easy plug for instant job
From the moment I started using this, I noticed a radio signal overlay when used with my mini amp and headphones.
I plugged it in the outlet. Plugged it into my Fender Mini Tone-master Amp. I don't need to worry about batteries any more.
This power supply works awesome with pedals and mini amps without giving you that static hiss you get from some other brands.
I bought this using Prime and am happy with the power supply. I have many different makes of power supplies. In the end, they are all the same. Proof of this lies in the Boss unit I have owned for 20 years.Amazon had the Planet Waves 9v supply for the lowest price, lower than local retailers and if you do not use or need a &#34;1 Spot&#34; this will not let you down. I may order more to use with some of my older pedals not on my board.
I got this for my Line6 Pocket Pod. It works great so far. and was way cheaper then the line6 adapter!!!!
Instead of shelling out over $25.00 for a Line 6 A/C adapter for my Pocket POD, I decided to give this one a try out, and I'm glad I did! It's well made, works great, and saved me quite a bit of coin in the process. Can't beat this one for sure :-)
I bought this adapter to power several devices by different manufacturers. Thus far, I am very pleased. Some of my guitar effects require at least 320 milliamps, which this adapter handles with no problems. I have heard no hum or noise from the adapter, either. It does its job reliably and well. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
works well with every pedal i tried so far. Can't ask much more than that from it. It was the easiest one on my wallet here on Amazon. go for it if you need one (or 2)
This works well...A few cons:1. it is not variable speed. on/off in either direction with full torque. Not so bad... but variable speed would have been nice.2. it is a little loud.Other than that... does what it should as expected.
Here's what you'll need to know about this product if you're interested in getting one.....1.  The 'head' accommodates multiple tuning peg sizes due to the slot config.  That's a good thing.2.  The trigger is a rocker switch..... so you can wind and unwind,....quickly.  That's a good thing, for the most part.3.  It is not variable speed.  One speed.  FAST RPM!  It takes some practice and patience.  Nothing special, just the will to get used to it.  Initially, and until you get used to it, you'll have the head jumping off the peg.  Don't 'fret' (bad pun)... a few minutes of rehearsal with it and you'll get to like it.  I've opted to pull the trigger in short bursts so as to refrain from having a string change remind you of a NASCAR tire change in the pit.... and especially because when you get close to the desired tension you need to go slowly so as not to over-run it.I would have much preferred a device that has a two-position switch.... 'slow' and 'fast' position on the trigger for more control.  I've rated it 4-stars, not 5, not because there is anything 'wrong' with it or that it doesn't work.  It does all that the advertisements say it will.  It's the aspect of the device I had to find out the hard way that keeps me from giving it a 'perfect' score.All in all, be patient and all will be well.  Realistically, I don't need to change a set of strings in just a couple of minutes.... I've got hours if I chose to.  I suspect most folks are in the same position.  If you're a 'roadie' for a big group, I could see the need,...the need for speed. But, alas, I'm not.  So, like some of the other things I've purchased along the way, I now have a new toy.  I works.  I'm satisfied...... for now.DP
I'm so glad Ernie Ball decided to put out this tool. I've been using the manual kind for years and have been tempted in the past to get an attachment for my cordless drill. The reason I never did was that I was worried it would be too powerful for that purpose. This is made for string changing with just enough power and speed for the job and the right head to fit all kinds of tuners. I love it!
I frequently restring mandolins and 12 strings so obviously it's a huge convenience. Even if it doesn't save a WHOLE lot of time it's very ergonomic. Wish it had more speed variance but it's great for the price!
This makes changing strings of breeze I was using a hand winder for many years.Unit takes four AA batteries but is very powerful also has a lock on it so it won't accidentally be put into a drawer and engaged.Looks to be quality made just what the doctor ordered.
First things first. If you have one or many expensive guitars BUY THESE. They keep you guitar safe from falling. To take it off all you do is hold down a button in the side and your strap and the lock with pop off. It's very handy. Very very easy to install and protects. Be warned they are bigger than they look but to do what they do so well they must be big.
I had the ones that came with my strat which I believe are Schaller's. I like the security of the Schaller's better because even if the pin is pulled they aren't going to let your guitar loose. However, my problem with the Schaller is that it would always unscrew the neck screw. I had to tighten it after every other use and let me tell you, not a little loose, but a lot loose.With the Ernie Balls, there was no redrilling which is needed with Strap Lock and the EB's screw is good and long. You also don't have to put them together like the Strap Lock, which is a bit of a pain.These have stayed very tight with no cause for my concern. I'd have rated 5 stars if the plastic you push together to insert and release was knurled. That would make it easier to grab and use. These will now be my default locks. The quality of the nickel is very good, too.
These  work great! It's hard to write a review of strap locks without thinking you are wasting your time. You have a strap. You have a guitar. This locks them together. But, these do work really well. Compared to other brands, I find them easier to use and that is great after a couple of beers. Downside is that the strap is further out from the guitar than is generally considered (by me) to be aesthetically pleasing. But, this is true for most strap lock systems. So, I say go for it!
I got this Duet2 instead of the single-light version as most Kindle users do.  So far I really like it, cuz it really brightens up the screen and makes it easier to read, even better than day light.  The only trick is to arrange the two lights on the sides of the screen to not having to see the reflection.The AC adapter is a great money saver, as I usually read 5-6 hours at night, and burning up 3 AAA batteries each night is not really a solution :)If you have a Kindle DX, I would strongly recommend this Duet2 instead of the single light version, cuz there's almost twice as much screen to cover.Of course, I also use this on on my music stand beside reading on the Kindle.  It's a versatile light source, and I really like it a lot.
Have not used the light as much as I thought I might, but it works okay. Each light has multiple, independent settings. The beams are narrow, but you get two of them.The major downside is that they sometimes turn on if they are carried with other things in your bag. Something in the bag will trigger the switch, and the light may be on for hours without you knowing it. There is no good way to prevent this other than to take the batteries out of the light during transport.Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. It does not work well (or at all) with object more than 1/4 inch thick.
I love the dual bulb design.  The clamp slid around a bit on my music stand.  Overall I like the design and flexibility.  Accidental turn-on in instrument case or gig bag could be a problem.  I'm sure I'll need to find a way to protect the product from breaking since it seems like it would not stand a chance on its own in my gig bag.
These are great,  have 3 of them now. I use them when I play with my duet and sometimes with the band. Used to plug in, but the batteries last a good while so I rarely use the cord anymore (there are enough cords in my life). I use a 3 ring binder with lyrics and fake chords, these light up everything pretty well. Only complaint - the clip isn't the best, but it's never fallen off or anything like that. Will but another one if any of them die, great product.
Not as bright as I would like them; however, very nice.  I can practice without lighting up the whole house.  I'm glad that I bought it.
Super, Excellent for dimly lighted rooms.............serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price.
I already own aMighty Bright LED Book Light with one lighting head, but I bought this light as a semi-permanent fixture on myDocument/Book Holder, which is mounted on anarticulating arm(took a little DIY'ing).This music light has one drawback; it doesn't have a master switch. To turn on both lights, you would have to independently turn on the switch atop each light head (two switch presses). To turn off both lights, you would have to independently double-click each light head (four switch presses) -- the first press brings the light to a lower level and the second press turns it off (each light head has two light levels: bright and medium-bright -- for a total 4 illumination combinations).I use this light for music sheets, documents, and books. The &#34;mighty bright&#34; label is no misnomer to be sure; these lights ARE mighty bright. They provide more than enough illumination to make even smaller texts readable in low ambient light conditions. Each light head provides very even illumination for a letter size sheet (the light starts to get dimmer just beyond the fringes of the sheet), so two light heads will provide sufficient illumination for a good-sized area. It will simultaneously illuminate the verso and recto of even the largest books. The flexible goose necks of the music light allows you to easily position the lights to reduce glare (which is inevitable on glossy or semi-glossy pages).This music light is a mighty sweet deal because:(1) it comes with anAC Adapter(which doesn't come with the book light with a single lighting head and has to be purchased separately). The adapter works on both this music light and the book light with a single lighting head.(2) contrary to the product description, this music light DOES come with 3 AAA batteries (at least mine did).Important Note: If you switch from using batteries to using the AC Adapter, the 3 AAA batteries will first have to be removed from the battery housing or the light(s) won't power on.I picked this music light over theMighty Bright Orchestra Lightbecause:(1) I've had my single head book light for many years and I trust this book light to offer the same durability (both lights are indistinguishable save for the single/dual light heads)(2) two goose necks offer more lighting flexibility(3) this music light is about half the price of the orchestra light.---The Bottom Line: The lack of a master switch on this music light makes turning on/off the lights somewhat of a hassle (an unfortunate but tolerable drawback). All the same, this music light is very functional, and as far as durability is concerned, I'm quite confident that it will last me for many years to come (it has the same build quality as my Mighty Bright single-head book light, which I've had for many years). Recommended!
I expected this to be a good mic but it's amazing how much different the quality is over your standard desk mic.
I was looking for a better quality Mic but not willing to pay a high price to sing on the Internet.  This was a low price and high quality solution.  Nothing to load and I was singing right out of the box.It does pick up noise around me since this is a condenser mic but, that just means you pick a quiet place to record.. LOL
This mic is absolutely awesome! It looks and feels SO high quality. The sound is stunning. It could be a tiny bit better for the price, but I'm absolutely pleased with it overall. Best mic in this price range by far!
This microphone's quality is amazing. I just hooked it up to my PC (Windows 7) and it worked no hassle whatsoever. Nothing to install or hoops to jump through, just works great. I recommend buying a mic stand of some kind if you really want to eliminate vibration or other background noises. The stand that comes with it is very stable, but it is low to the ground (or in this case, desk/table) so it may pick up some unwanted background noise (computer fans, mouse clicks/movement, etc).
This is the best USB Condenser mic I've ever used.  I needed to buy a condenser mic recently that had to be XLR.  I bought the AT2020 XLR version, simply due to the fantastic results I've achieved with this one.I only use this microphone for podcasting.  I do not record music with it, but I haven't tried yet.  If you're curious as to the sound quality, listen to my podcast "Rock Crushes Paper" on iTunes and Zune Marketplace.Just to give you an idea of what I'm using:Windows 74 GB ramPentium 4 Dual core 2.2 ghzAdobe Auditon 3The build quality is fantastic, built like a tank really.  The only knock I have on this is the little tripod stand.  Yes, it's a tripod stand, but I can't imagine actually being in a spot where I'd rather use that then the On-Stage desktop mic stand.Anyways, great mic.  Can't recommend it enough.  It's made me check out other Audio-Technica products.
I bought this microphone for youtube/podcasting and it does a REALLY perfect job. The quality is great for me. It was what I had expected it to be. I also bought a desktop mic stand with it, as well as a shockmount and popfilter. Highly recommended.
Great sound and sensitivity. Very well made. These should last a lifetime barring any physical damage. Made in the USA to boot! These may not be the cheapest but they are worth every penny!
This is a excellent Snare Wire, used it to replace an old noisy snare wire that rattled on my old Pearl Snare Drum, quick and easy to replace, came with straps to secure but did not use them as I prefer string. Improved the snare sound by 100%, no more rattle, snare now has a very fat tight crisp sound, well made product that did the trick. Product came with simple clear to read instructions with pictures, if you follow the instructions your strand will work perfect. Great Product at a excellent price.
I was going to get the plate with the big "F" on it, but I read complaints that it was very thin, so I kept looking. I took a chance and got this one, and it was a good call. This one is very thick and solid, like it's supposed to be.Great product, great price.
I've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. I've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. I had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. But recently my life changed a little bit. I have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and I now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.I picked up this Micro Crush because I was originally looking for a micro Marshall and I saw this pop up. I knew I already liked the sound of Orange amps (better than Marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.Shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. My son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; Yes you might think so until you plug it in. The idea here is to sound loud without being loud. This amp is perfect for that.Most of the time I have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. I've got a simple effect chain going in: EH Soul Preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; MX Analog delay -&#62; Cheap (but pleasant) Chinese Phaser -&#62; EH Holy Grail -&#62; Amp. I use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. It is beautiful. A little Dick Dale-ish. Then when I want a little edge I turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. Maybe nudge down the volume a little more and I can rock AC/DC licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. And it sounds ... BIG!No this is not the same as actually BEING loud. For one thing your ears won't ring. The cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. Knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  The dogs won't howl.But should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.So much so that I, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that I never had before in my life. This all because I can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. Always ready to go. So I play while I'm watching football or baseball. I play while I'm watching the news. I play while I'm playing Crazy 8's with my son. I play morning, noon and night. Not only that but I'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. Lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).So I am not exaggerating when I reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).Best buy for under $100 I've made since I bought my son his Strider balance bike. Which is orange too!
This Orange Micro Crush amp lives up to it's name. It's little bitty, about a third the size of the Roland Micro Cube, but it's plenty loud. Surprisingly loud really, it's amazing that much sound comes out of that thing. Of course it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the Micro Cube, it's basically got a clean channel, an overdrive channel and a tuner. Then a volume knob a tone knob and that's it. The over drive gives a good sound but I like to run pedals through it anyway. It's missing reverb, which I would like to have, but it's far from a deal breaker.I have no issues with the build quality, it feels solid as a rock. Of course it's size and trademark Orange color make it look like a toy, it's definitely a capable little amp. Definitely a keeper!
First, I don't like most distortion pedals because of instead of making my Fender Blues DeVille 410 sound distorted, they make it sound like it is amplifying a distorted pedal.  There's a difference. Think about it if you don't get it.Second, I don't like having a lot of pedals. I play in a rock/country band were we play music that sounds like Neil Young, Tom Petty, CCR, etc.  Just simple and clean rock and roll with a mix of 1,4,5 chords and an occasional minor 6th.  I just want an overdrive (my Digitech Bad Monkey) and my Arion tuner, but I need distortion when we do covers, AC/DC, Hendrix, etc.  (The DeVille can do Hendrix, if you turn it up to 7.  But of course then it's too loud.)Based on those criteria, the DigiTech CM-2 is PERFECT.  The Classic "overdrive" setting allows me to sound like Hendrix or rocking Neil Young (or any other rock band from the 60s and 70s).  The Modern setting allows me to sound more like 80s and 90s rock, e.g., Guns 'n Roses and Soundgarden.And this is important, both settings make my amp sound like IT is being overdriven.  It sounds like my tubes are being pushed to their breaking point.  It sounds fricken awesome.  It does not sound like an amplified pedal.So I can use the Bad Monkey (I've reviewed it on Amazon if you want to read it) for boosting my clean sound.  I use the CM-2 if I want to play dirtier and for covers.  Two pedals (plus the tuner) and I can play everything I want.  I'm happy.
This is the one pedal I can't do without. You can sculpt your guitar tone before it hits your amp, and that's the key to getting a tight rhythm tone at high gain. So if I encounter an amp that isn't tight enough, or the high gain distortion doesn't sound good by itself, I just turn down the gain or use a lower gain channel, and then hit it hard with this pedal. Sounds so much better than the internal high gain distortion.Alright, so here are some things you might want to know before you buy:* The gain knob when turned to zero still produces overdrive. So you can't use this as a *clean* boost pedal. With high output humbuckers, you still get some mild tube-like overdrive at zero gain. But this isn't advertised as a clean boost pedal.* So how much gain / distortion does this pedal have if you're going into a clean channel of an amp?  Plenty for classic rock and blues. Not enough for metal, though if you crank the gain and high knob all the way you can just barely get a prog style metal tone. But it's not a distortion pedal, it's just an overdrive.* This thing uses tiny SMC components in the circuitry and therefore isn't really moddable.* Unlike the Bad Monkey, this doesn't have an additional mixer / cabinet emulated output.* Like a tube screamer, it boosts the mids and reduces the bass so that going into a mushy sounding tube channel you get a tighter distorted sound. Anyone who has a nice warm amp and gets this pedal thinking they'll get more of the same, may be disappointed. What they need instead is a transparent clean boost pedal that keeps their guitar the same tone just louder volume.* The classic/modified switch is pretty cool. I have two guitars, one is kind of bassy and scooped sounding, the other is bright and middy. Well, using the switch, I can make one come out more equivalent to the other when needed. This keeps me from adjusting my amp each time I switch guitars. Classic is a slightly lower gain, more mid-boosted sound. Quite tight. Think Peavey 6505 EQ structure. Modified is more scooped, saturated. Think Mesa EQ structure. So this switch is a useful little bonus.*  It eats batteries, sucking in around 150 mA at 9V, so my 300 mAH rechargeable lasts 1.5-2 hrs. I swear if that blue LED weren't so bright it would probably get an extra hour. Instead of getting an adapter, I got an 8-battery AA clip, 9V battery clip, 12V DC plug, and 8 Sanyo Eneloop batteries. Hooked it up with negative tip, positive sleeve and now I have a 16,000 mAH monster = about 100 hours play time.This pedal is perfect. You get what it's advertised to do. It's rugged, looks good. I haven't found it to be noisy at all, unless there was something wrong with my guitar (strings not grounded through the bridge, etc...). Someone mentioned the silver tops of the dials falling off as if they were decals, but I looked and the knobs seem like all one solid piece to me.Another thing I found is that instead of using an overdrive plugin in my DAW, if I use this real overdrive pedal in front of my interface, that magically makes all hum / noise from my pickups go away.Overall, yes I highly recommend this, and would suggest people check out the Hardwire Metal Distortion if they want something as a standalone rather than an overdrive into a crunchy amp. Like others, though, I can't stop playing through this. Great purchase, especially if bought used.
this cup /bottle holder fits nicely on my mic stand and holds my water....(or adult bottled beverage) while playing. seems sturdy and doesn't get and condensation on my pedal board due to the neoprene , great product
There's not much to say about this product other than it can hold up a beer or water bottle really darn well. Mounting it to the stand took all of 30 seconds and if feels sturdy as can be.
My musician friends notice, and wish they had one. As a flute player, I whet my whistle so to speak a few times during a performance, and this keeps my water bottle near by.  The cup is flexible enough to handle different diameters of cups.  I imagine it would hold beer too.
What can you say about a simple device that does exactly what it supposed to do. I used to put my water on the stage an 1/2 the time kick it over. Now it's right where I can find it everytime.
Yeah I kind of bought it on a whim, it's confusing as hell first of all. I don't really understand it but it was shipped and explained perfectly as described. :)
I love this little device!I'm an amateur musician so I'm on and off on playing. I play enough I need to know theory, but not so often I don't forget the specifics.This gizmo lets me refresh all of those pesky details with the slide of a tab.I don't believe this is a tool to teach people music theory, but it is a wonderful reference once you know what you're looking for.For example, I'm playing with the harmonica now. Simple little instrument right? Well that simple little instrument has you thinking about major, minor, major pentatonic, minor pentatonic, and blues scales in 12 different keys! One section of this wheel lists all of these different scales. Rotate the dial to the key you're interested in and the individual notes for each of these scales in the key you've selected appears. Nice.Although I play guitar, I find the other side of the wheel less helpful. Yes it does show you how to play diatonic chords (MmmMMmD)but they are barre chords based upon the "E" chord. If you understand the formation of an E barre chord and its family (E, Em, E7, Esus, Esus4, etc), this may not be so helpful. I really don't use E barre chords much beyond the 7 fret as I usually switch to the "A" type barre chord based off of the 5th string so my hand has much less distance to travel. I've not found anything to support these "A" type barre chords nor the others: D, G, C.I find the music theory side of the wheel worth the price and the disillusionment with the guitar side my be due to my ignorance.
Tons of useful information on this wheel. My only criticism is that the accompanying manual could be far more exhaustive and more clearly written. Seems like reasonably durable construction. Compact enough to stow it in a guitar case.
The only complaint that I have is the instructions they are kind of shallow, if you have musical theory background you should not have much trouble, I'm no expert I have a some knowledge beyond basic, and it's really helpfull to take some reference learning new things, visualize quickly chords, scales, mayor and minor scales, you can view there relationship it's a great tool to learn, if you have deep knowledge maybe you dont need it. For complete begginers it might be difficult to start without reading and taking time to study. This is a great complement to study theory.
This is a fantastic product that is well made. The plastic is heavy duty and comes with a plastic cover that must be removed before use. This ensures that the wheel you get is in perfect condition.The tool is extremely useful. I have just started playing with a band, and it is very common for band members to call out a song and the key that it is in. With the wheel, I immediately know what chords to choose from. I also know what notes are in each chord. In addition, it has a note by note image of the entire fretboard so that you can see where the roots are for the scale you are playing.The wheel is also invaluable for switching keys. For example, say you're playing the I, IV, and V chords in the key of C., but your lead singer is having trouble and would rather sing it in Bb. All you need to do is dial the wheel to Bb, find out the new I, IV, and V chords, and start playing. The wheel makes chord transposition a breeze.I feel that the negative reviews you are seeing are unfair. This is a very useful product at a fair price.No, I am not affiliated with the company at all. I'm just a band member newbie who appreciates this tool.In my opinion, this is a five star product.
I'm a songwriter who is always looking for compatible chords. This wheel has made if fun to find chords that work well together, its quick and easy to use.
I'd suggest that this is not for beginners. More for the intermediate musician. It is not something you are going to understand at first. The learning curve is moderate. Other than that, quite useful and durable.
I am self taught, and this pup is essential for tune writing, finding quickie relative minors and such.If you want to understand any theory, start here after learning basic chords.This is how basic chords relate to each other.Yeah, Baby. If you're boss, you need the Info.-Austin Powers?
Let me start of by saying this tuner is great.My previous tuner was a Korg CA-40 and frankly, that tuner is terrible.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.What made me get a new tuner is how finicky the CA-40 when using the build-in mic. The needle on the graph just jumps all over the place from the harmonics of the guitar and that has nothing to do the sensitivity or accuracy of the tuner. Yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. Another issue with the CA-40 is the poor screen. The screen is so dark and only viewable head on.The CA-40 does not have any of the flaws of the CA-40 and is even more accurate.What this tuner has: accuracy, usability, durability, versatility. What more can you ask from a tuner of this price?
I teach class guitar in a community college and bought the SAT800 to loan to students during class. I selected it for the rubber bumpers and beefy build, expecting anything in this day and age to nail pitch quickly and accurately. And, indeed, it tunes acoustic and classical guitars without filching. Oddly, in one year of use, nobody has dropped it so the bumpers also provide a sure grip in hand and on music stand. My prior smooth plastic Seiko cost four times as much as the SAT800 but managed to hit the deck several times a week. Amazingly it still works perfectly but was not well suited for butterfingered students. However, the display was larger and sported colored note names, so it was more intuitive for beginner use.The built-in mic works fine in a quiet room but is useless in a classroom full of guitars (as are all built-in tuner mics). You need to use a tuner pickup and all is well (I use a Korg tuner pickup). If I were to nick pick I'd have to say the letter name of the pitch is way too small on the LCD. It's tucked in the far right corner in 12 point type and positioned just after the octave number. A lot of students can't read or notice such small type. Also the octave number immediately in front of the letter confuses many beginners as they assume it is the string number (doesn't matter how many times I explain that it isn't). Finally, it is too easy to accidentally recalibrate the pitch. Nearly every week somebody inadvertently sets it to A435 or whatever and causes a bunch of other students to be out of tune. A lock button or some other safety would be a smart design upgrade. Most of these nick picks don't apply to pros or advanced players but are something to consider if you're a novice.Add a calibrate safety feature and double the pitch name size and this would be a 5 star product. Right now it's a mere 4.5!
This is my first guitar tuner, I don't have expiriance to determine: do this tuner is better then other tuners. Is working very good, 100% satisfaction.
It's a pop filter. In case one wasn't good enough, they double it up! Works great. No complaints whatsoever. No need for a fancy pansy $50 metal mesh screen. This works just as good.
This pop filter does the trick everyone is blown away to see a double filter. It is still made out of plastic and can be quite easy to crack when trying to position but as long as your carefully it should last for awhile.
Pop filters already work great to block out wind and other unwanted noises from a microphone. And this with that extra filter on it, it blocks even more. It's simply amazing. Worth the extra few bucks to get the double filter. If I want I can blow directly into the filters and it'll block all wind from the microphone and will only pick up soundwaves.
Works exceptionally well. In fact, this works better than regular, single-layered pop filters I have used in the past and your sound is either not compromised at all or the sound is barely effected so that you would not notice.Well worth the money. The build and design of the pop filter is sturdy and can attach to a majority of microphone stands.
Very nice pop filter! I use it on all my condenser mics! It works perfect for those hard P's and strong S sounds. It's built very well and adapts to almost any mic stand. It makes DeEssing a lot simpler when mixing vocals. And it looks very professional! I wouldn't be on the mic without it, now that I know of the big difference it makes having it!
Very bright! 4 of them are great for lighting up the front stage of a band which is my application for them! Worth the money!
You need this to get the most out of your Super-Champ XD amp. The only way that i can see an improvement is to make the end pcs out of aluminum instead of plastic. No telling how long the switches will last? Fender tends to make good products. Price isnt too bad but this item should come with the amp IMO.
Works great with my Fender Super Camp X2. Easy connection, easy activation of switches, immediate response. Small, light and compact. Great product.
I'm a guitar, piano and bass player, as well a private music teacher.  I also received formal training in guitar-building and have been commissioned to build instruments for amateur and professional musicians.I ordered this ukelele on the strength of the reviews here at Amazon, and I was pleased with this instrument when it arrived.  I was really surprised at how loud this particular instrument is for its size.  It's only about 19" long (approximately) with nylon strings, but it really puts out a strong volume and really nice tone.  It has geared tuners, not peg-style tuners that seem to go out of tune easily.Although I've never played ukelele, I was able to play songs like Brown Eyed Girl, Old MacDonald Had a Farm, and Do You Wanna Dance in about a 1/2 hour using the chord book that comes with the book.  I did this drawing on my guitar-playing knowledge.Also, my daughter, who is a piano player and 11 years old,  picked up the ukelele.  In about 15 minutes was able to play Row Row Row Your Boat, which is in the instruction booklet which comes with the uke.  I see this as a good buy for beginners and a good starter instrument for young children who might like to move over to guitar eventually.Two concerns though -- mine came with a couple small dents in the back of the ukelele -- nothing major, but I could see them -- looks like someone hit it on something.  Also, most stringed instruments go out of tune for a short while after you put new strings on them.  This one wouldn't stay in tune for more than one song when I started playing with it.  I yanked on the strings to stretch them, kept retuning it and playing it, and it would still go out of tune.  This is improving, and I'm trusting the reviews here that say it goes out of tune "at first".  I'm expecting the tuning problem to disappear as the strings get stretched and the windings around the tuners tighten out any slack.[note:  Two days later, after about 8 hours of playing the instrument is staying in tune better and better; I expect the problem to correct itself as the string get stretched]The little 5-page booklet has basic chords and songs--  Row Row Row Your Boat, Are You Sleeping, He's Got the Whole World in His Hands, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Amazing Grace, and When Irish Eyes are Smiling.  There was also a blurb about a famous ukelele player who authored the pamphlet on how to play the Ukelele and is the founding member of Louisville Ukelele Association Unlimited (LUAU!)-- a ukelele band.Overall, I'm happy with this ukelele, and fully expect the tuning problem to go away with use.
My first uke so I cannot compare, but it sounds great. I don't know what stock strings it came loaded with but they sounded just fine!
Although I purchased a Lanikai LU-21 ukulele some time ago, I have not had the chance to play it for hundreds of hours.  Despite that, I've been highly impressed with its quality and sound.  As some reviewers note, nylon strings have a tendency to go out of tune pretty quickly and to fret sharp; however, that's more of a function of the strings than a function of the ukulele.  The Lanikai frets well all the way up the fretboard, although as seems to be the case with soprano ukuleles in general, it tends to sound better and more resonant in its lowest range.  The tuners seem solid and all four function consistently and the construction looks to be pretty solid as well.  If I were going to be playing gigs, I'd probably look for a more expensive and presumably higher quality instrument (and I probably would not purchase it without trying it first), but for having some fun, this is a workable and recommended instrument.
Great ukulele! Very light which is nice. Intonation is spot on looks beautiful too.A perfect soprano ukulele for a beginner or an experienced player looking for a nicelooking affordable ukulele!
There seems to be a trend in using a Ukulele in modern music these days. A guitar player for 20 years now I decided to give it a try. This was a low risk (cost) way for me to get my feet wet without committing. It takes a little getting used to with such a small instrument, little neck and only 4 strings but it sure is a blast to play. I wont be making an upgrade any time soon but the sound and build quality is reasonable for the price and for the few songs I use if for it will serve me fine. Highly recommend.
I don't have experience with toy instruments, but have lots of experience with better quality ones including professional and semi professional ones. I'm not a ukulele player, and this one is for my daughter, whose high school ukulele club features players with a variety of instruments for me to compare this one to.I found this one to be made well enough that it plays well. The frets are properly aligned, and the instrument stays in tune. Notes played on alternate frets are in tune as well as I would expect relative to each other. The tuning issues others have mentioned relative to break in periods are no different from what you would expect on violins or guitars, and are perfectly normal.Although this plays well, I was disappointed with the workmanship. Since I did not see similar comments from others, perhaps mine is not representative. But the workmanship is somewhere closer to the level of lower quality instruments I've seen of other types.The finishing quality is not out of line for the price range, but does not approach what other reviewers have led me to believe. The wood is not properly finished where the neck meets the body, and there are clear sanding marks in the wrong direction. It looks as if it had been finished in a hurry by somebody who had no intention of doing a quality job.A less important issue has to do with the grain. Normally, instrument makers will try to line up the grain with the direction of the body. On mine, the grain is at a slant, giving the impression that the neck is slightly bent. It's an optical illusion, but not a sign of higher quality instrument making.The workmanship issues are cosmetic, and I'm still quite satisfied with the way the instrument plays. The finishing issues will not be visible when being played, and the tonal quality is about what I'd expect from an instrument with such a small resonating chamber. Perhaps there are better sounding soprano models out there, but at this price point it's what I expect. If you are disappointed and want something better, expect to pay at least double.
I ordered this pedal for my casio keyboard and it works great. It has a realistic feel to a piano and appears to be made of quality matterial. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great
I love it.  It works great.  No ambient noise or clicks, as some have suggested.  It's as easy as, you plug it in and/or flip a switch for the desired effect, and voila it works.  So, duh, why do I need to say something moronic or interminable regarding this subject.  Just buy the product and get on with happy music making.  Thank you On-Stage.
I have used this pedal on both myRoland RD-300NX Digital Pianoand myRoland V-Combo VR-700and it's one hundred percent compatible with both. One nice feature that ensures compatibility is the polarity switch that enables it to work with just about any brand and model keyboard.It's well constructed and I have not encountered any issues with the two-piece bottom. In fact, after over a year of use on carpet issues reported by another have not surfaced. If anything this pedal is as good as new.The feel is superb. There is positive resistance as you depress the pedal and the spring tensions it in such a manner that you can control exactly the rate of depression or release. It is not so tight as to fatigue, but the response is positive.Another feature I love is the six foot cord length - it gives you room to place the pedal when you have tiered keyboards and multiple pedals on the floor. The cable itself and the plug look to be high quality and have withstood over a year of constant use with no problems.If you are looking for an inexpensive, but not cheaply made, pedal that will work with just about any keyboard this one is worth considering. I am sold on it and would replace it with an identical pedal if something happens to this one.
Received the unit, plugged it into my Alesis Q25, tested it in Logic Pro X and it works fine. The pedal itself is solid, nothing more to say, happy with purchase.
This saved med at least $40 instead of getting a traditional pre-amp. Best invention ever!! Also portable. Downside is that is plastic and does seem fragile but I keep it with the condenser mic and all the fragile stuff.
Never really intended to use this in a professional setting so the noise issue is not that big of a deal. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. 15 to 20 dollars, then sure. Still, it's an OK product.
I have little doubt that the Blue Icicle will get the job done with a Shure SM-58, or similar "dynamic" microphone.  But its claim that it will convert any "condenser" mic, even one that normally requires XLR connection and phantom power, into a "plug 'n play" USB mic should not be taken at face value.  I say this because I have an acquaintance with the original Audio Technica AT2020 Condenser mic who had intermittent and marginal success when he tried such a conversion.  In the long run, he would have been ahead (in terms of both the conversion and saving a few bucks) by purchasing the AT2020 USB mic.  As it is, the Blue Icicle is probably the best such converter on the market (the comparably priced LightSnake cable will not convert condenser mics, despite what you may have read).  So, if necessary, give it a try--and more than one.  But make sure there are return privileges.
A light weight but well made covering for my jasmine guitar. Good material, good zippers, good design. There are much more well padded soft and hard cases available but they take up a lot more room around the house when not in use. I like this one because it provides enough protection without being cumbersome. For travel, you would need better, but for most uses, this is a good choice.
I bought this for my Takamine EGSF15SC acoustic/electric guitar and it fits snugly and does the job very well.I am very happy with the low price I got, and am very pleased with the overall quality of this case.It has exceeded my expectations.
It works for what I need! It arrived earlier than I expected! Really nice! My guitar is safe now with this hard case!
The case is very nice and sturdy. It has lasted over a year and will last for more years to come. The inside is very nice and soft with a big pocket to put things in it like picks, tuners, capos. It also has a lock on the case in case one might need it. This is a very good price for a case of this good of quality and I highly recommend it.
great case, didn't really notice a smell that everyone was complaining about. holds my seagal s6 very well. great guitar by the way for the price. but anyways the case has some compartments inside that can fit like tuners and accessories which comes in handy. the padding is done very well
This is a great case that came TWO WEEKS earlier than the arrival date. In came in good packaging and I found no flaws when inspecting it. My Jasmine fits snugly inside of it, no bumping whenever I carry the case. The only problem I have is it smells terrible! But that's fine; I just left it open on the deck for two days and the smell is not noticeable. Other than that, this was a great investment!
I ordered this hard case for my Fender T bucket. It fits exactly like an original fender hard case. Looks like made of good materials. Very well built. With interior pocket to put your accesories like capo, string winder, etc. I Love it. For its PRIce and Quality,I giving it a 5 star :O)..
This is a great capo from shubb. The finish matches most guitar hardware as it is nickel. I like how it works. It adjusts to fit different guitar necks, and just sort of snaps in place. It doesn't require great force or a lot of hand strength to use this capo. The rubber parts are replaceable and with a name like shubb you know you're getting a good product. I recommend this capo to anyone.
This is a great capo!  I had been using Kyser Quik-Change capos for a good portion of my ten years of playing but they had their limits.  For one, intonation wasn't always right and my guitar (especially my electric) would go out of tune frequently.  After trying others, I settled on the Shubb and it outguns the Kyser in every aspect.  Its features surprised me.  It is small and incredibly light weight, you almost can't tell that it's there. The adjustable knob is great and allows you to dial the capo to the right pressure so that you don't get any annoying buzz.  Also my tone has greatly improved (which is an awesome bonus) making my acoustic sound much clearer and much more defined as opposed to the Kyser which I noticed muddied up the sound.  Even though you have to make some adjustments this capo is still easy to use and is one of the best investments I have ever made!
This capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. If I position it just so it will work as long as I don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side.
I did a lot of research and I finally found the right capo.. It is a little bit pricey, but you get what you pay for...It is made from a very good material and I have been using this for years!!..There are some others capo that are less expensive, but most of them are built with plastic and some will hurt your guitar.. This capo is made with stainless steel and you can adjust the tension.. I like this and I highly recommend this capo to any guitar players regardless of their level. Good Luck.
I bought two sets of these for two of my Fender 4x10 bass cabinets. I slipped them right in using the original Fender screws since they're machine screws (EB comes with wood screws). Very solid.
if you can drill into wood with a 5/8 wood drill bit then these are for you, I bought mine for an amp 1/4 stack and now when I record I can simple roll the head and Cabinet into the small room and record...you get 4 in the package with 4 wheels and 4 retainers thats 5/8&#34; thick that goes into the wood of a cabinet....
Quality of these casters is what you would expect if you own any Ernie Ball products,great, very easy to install they hold tight in their sockets and roll smoothly on hard surfaces, not intended to be used on turf on loose surfaces. I have them on several bass cabinets, they also remove easily for stationary cabinet use.
My Hartke 410VX Cabinet was designed by an idiot....9 million pounds and no casters...not even holes for them. Who invented this thing, He-Man? Anyways, I bought these casters, got out the drill, and punched a few holes in the bottom of my amp, pounded these in, and now it ROLLS. Sadly one of the holes wasnt drilled quite straight making one caster a bit crooked so the amp veers to the right when I push it like a car missing a wheel. But its still better than carrying this beast everywhere my band is playing. Of course, we practice at the drummer's house and in his basement so I still have to carry it down and up his stairs, but that's life.
I use to use a cloth to clean my strings... this now rests in my guitar tech bag as a very useful tool.Easy to open, clamp on the strings, run it up and down and your strings maintain a clean and clear sound longer! The only thing that I worry about is running the plastic over the frets. I understand that it's only plastic, but I wonder if it will decrease the life of the frets over time...I don't know... if I see an issue, I may update this a year or so down the line.Until then? Excellent solution!
I chose this because I wanted an easier way to clean my guitar strings. So far it has worked beautifully.
First of all as a former touring guitarist and a guitar tech junkie, I have a tool box with every tool you can imagine.  I have to say this string cleaner is a must have!  I say this because in the long run, it will save you money on strings, save you time with changes, and will keep your strings sounding alive.Most guitarists don't realize just what they are doing to their strings when they play.  You are leaving behind a world of sweat, dead skin, and all kinds of nasty elements.  The oils/fluids you leave behind can be very acidic and contain plenty of things that will build up and corrode your strings.  I've seen people who change strings every week because the strings keep going dead.  I've seen mold and and all kinds of garbage build up on strings so bad I thought a sloth may be living on it.  This little tool will prevent that.I have a routine with mine. Before I play, I run the cleaner over the strings a few times.  Whenever I'm done playing I make sure to spray a string cleaner fluid onto the pad and run it over the strings again until I feel they are completely clean.  You will not believe the extension of your string life or the quality of sound you will get following these cleaning practices.Someone has mentioned in their review the fret damage that the string cleaner caused and I too thought about that the first time I used it.  I suggest pulling up a little bit so that the cleaner does not touch the frets.  Toward the nut where it is hard to get the cleaner in, I just wipe down with a rag.  This is a great, cheap, handy little product that all guitarists should keep in their pockets.
I had neglected my guitar for awhile but just got back into the swing of things. Needless to say the strings were at least 5 years old and I was about to replace them with new ones but thought I would give this a try. I am amazed at how good the strings feel now. They really are like a new set of strings. Saved me 20 bucks in having it restrung too soon so they already paid for themselves. My only reason for knocking off 1 star is because the darn thing is harder to open then it should be. They could rethink the clasp a bit more but it does get the job done.
I was not to thrill about this product, I really don't have anything super negative to say but nothing super positive either,
I'm on the fence with this product. It does its job so no real complaints there, however once applied I feel it may be damaging my frets. I havent seen wear or visible damage but as you run it up the neck of the guitar you hear it hit all the frets. If you apply pressure to keep it from hitting it then pulls the top cleaning pad off, away from the strings causing it not to clean the top. Much more convenient then using a string cleaning cloth though so I'm sticking with this.
Pretty cool gadget... a whole lot less trouble than opening and closing bottles, cans, or sprays, and does on a set of old strings.
It sorta cleans strings but not fully, i dont even really use it anymore, i feel like i wasted my money on this item
I've been playing guitar for over 30 years both teaching & performing and never used a pedalboard. I used to carry the FX's in a briefcase and setup the ones I needed. I'm old school when it comes to these boxes... I run compression, wah, overdrive, super-overdrive, delay & reverb pretty much in that order. Sometime I use a phaser or a tremolo... I also have a few distortion pedals laying around as well but don't use them much. I currently have 8 pedals setup on this board. I have room for one maybe two more. The board itself is built like a tank and travels well. The bag that comes with it is road worthy for local gigs but I wouldn't take it on tour without a metal case. I did go ahead and Velcro down all the pedals that I always use leaving a little room for add ins. Be sure you want to Velcro down the FX chain because to get the best, most secure, it won't fall off the board when you pick it up off the floor...I found that I had to remove all the rubber feet from each pedal. The Velcro is very strong and may test the durability of some of your cheaper pedals. Use great care when removing them from the board as you can easily rip the backs off of some of them. Low end wah pedals and boxes made out of plastic be warned....Boss, MXR, Mod Tone and other high end, well made pedals work best once set on the board. You can run any number of power sources to it. There is plenty of room for all my needed connections...I leave the choice of that to you the reader.At the end of the day it's easier for me to move my FX pedals around and setup on the gig is in minutes. Plus it looks much cleaner and gives me a little more room on tiny stages and less chance of tripping over a cable.. I'm very happy with this product and would replace it should anything happen to it.
If you are familiar with the Pedaltrain products, you know how solid this product is. If you are new to effects, it comes with plenty of velcro to mount pedals and brackets to mount a power brick (they have a deal with Voodoo so those bricks are will always fit). Keep in mind you will have to drill holes for the brackets, they are not predrilled.The duffel bag that it comes with has lots of padding and pockets and is pretty durable. If you have a power strip, it won't fit around the edges of the bag; the fit inside the bag is snug. That said, I have a couple extra pedals not on my board that will fit in the pouch on the side along with strings and cables.
This pedal board replaced a bcb6 boss case because I have a lot of non-Boss pedals and wanted to start using them for gigs.The PT2 footprint is large enough to accommodate a lot of pedals but not too big for a smaller gig, except some of the smallest "stages" (room corners) that do require a smaller rig.Without going into specifics there was a zipper issue on the soft case.  I wrote the company, described the problem.  Lizzie wrote back and said she'd take care of it. You just don't get better service than this company provides.  Combine that with the great product design and I'm a happy customer.The larger boards give you the option of installing a dedicated power supply underneath.  This is one of its best features.  Truly plug and play.  Yes, I spent more than I ever have on a pedal board before.  Portability.  Reliability.  Flexibility.  If I was ever going to use my best pedals for gigs, this was it.I have tried SKB and Furman and they have some nice features, if you like a lot of plastic.  I still like the PT2 much better.
I had a custom-made pedalboard, made with wood also, it was great in therms of protecting my pedals and with the space but maan it was heavy, only with 7 pedals and that was getting me problems with my back and shoulders... with this i have 13 pedals and i wont say that its not heavy bcuz it is, but is the same weight but i got 13 pedals!! Thats a huge difference.... the only thing that i maybe dont like is the bag, i know it wont last A LOT OF TIME, but in general is the best pedalboard ive had and i wont change it.. maybe for another bigger like the pt3 but still gonna get pedaltrain... the best
My issue with the Pedaltrain 2 is the accommodation of a power supply. I have a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus.The documentation that comes with this pedalboard specifically states that this power supply mounts under the board, and it even includes mounting brackets that fit this power supply. However, if you actually try to mount it to the underside of the board as suggested, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.First of all, regarding the two circular holes on the front of the board. The fitment to the power supply is there... sort of. There's no way to align them perfectly because the holes on the pedaltrain 2 are slightly too close together. I wasn't worried about this, since I doubt I'll ever chain them and only have access to 1 outlet.The second issue is, the allegedly self-tapping screws that come with the mounting kit strip as though they were made of butter. Once you've got them in (or attempted to do so), they're never coming out. You'll probably have to break them. It's a shame to have cut corners on something so inexpensive.The main issue I have with this board relating to my Voodoo Lab power supply is this. Once you get the power supply mounted properly on the underside of the board (it can only go one place), you begin to plug in your pedals and you discover that the cables supplied with the power supply don't fit the mounting location on this board. You can't plug them in because there's not enough clearance between the frame of the pedalboard and the sockets the cables plug in to.I really only bought this pedalboard because of the supposed perfect compatibility with the Voodoo Lab power supply I own, but given that it doesn't fit like it's supposed to, I wish I could return this board - except I can't, because it now has holes drilled in it. (You have to drill the board to mount the power supply underneath it.)Basically, I paid $100 for a plain flat sheet metal metal rectangle and a couple rolls of velcro. Needless to say, I'm not very pleased.
Comes with all the Velcro you can need Very simple to set up even for me ( a newbie)I got the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2  to go along with it Although you have to drill 4 holes into the pedalboad to mount it its pretty simple.
Tried several of pedaltrain in the past (pt-3 too bulky, and pt-jr a little to small), this one holds my pedals perfectly. Simple & light. I love it!
This pedal does add reverb and it is adjustable to different effects, but the range of effects is not great and the difference in them is often not very pronounced. It's kind of an &#34;empty&#34; sounding reverb, as opposed to more lush effects. The Reverb Machine (RV600), also from Behringer and for only $10 more is a FAR superior machine with more effects and better tone, though it has a couple of other minor drawbacks. See my review of that item for clarification.
From the product description, I expected something far more robust than this unit. By and large, I've had great experiences with Behringer pedals, but this reverb unit is the wimpiest I have ever used in 40 years of playing - no stronger than the reverb in a 5w First Act amplifier.
Behringer usually makes good stuff and this Reverb Is No different but what It does best Is reverse reverb and moderate depth reverb Nothing else. I wanted this for Singing and I have the Danelectro FAB Echo which gives a short distance echo but I wanted something without the slap back and this does what I want It for but Not quite as much depth as I wanted but with The Music I do Not think Anyone can tell. If You want a good Reverb that Is above average with much depth then get the Behringer RV600 Not this. The power supply I use Is Danelectro which Is great, I also have a godlyke that I use.
I bought this as for practice. I have a $180 amp, but was looking for something a little more portable. This is what I came to.It has great distortion, the effect is pretty awesome too! The lead cuts clean; &#34;mostly&#34;. In general is does tend to get a little noisy though. However. For the price, this is probably one of the best steals ever. Like I said, I have a &#34;sort-of&#34; name brand amp that is estimated at around $180. I can safely say that the sound quality of this item is about as good as the amp. Until I can afford a REALLY good amp, this will be my primary one; and really I have no problem with that.Pros:-Cheap Price-Fair sound quality-Nifty Built-in Effect-Can plug into AUX letting you play with musicCons:-Cheap ITEM quality-Distortion can get &#34;messy&#34;-Not very versatile...Metal ONLY.I hope it never breaks.
Amazing! I plugged this little gadget into my Strat, put on my headphones and wow I was super surprised! The sound is amazing. You can adjust the amount of gain and volume to fine tune your sound whether your playing through humbuckers or single coils. I love the sound I get on either my Strat or Les Paul. Best of all you can practice as loud as you like without bothering anybody. I plug this little monster into my compressor and from the compressor to the guitar and the sound is amazing. I really like the sound and the fact that it is totally portable and independent of power (runs on two AAA batteries). The digital delay effect is activated independently, (same little switch just one extra click) which is fine, but you can't adjust the speed or mix. That's OK though because the factory setting works just fine if you want a touch of delay. All in all, I highly recommend this Vox AmPlug Lead Guitar Headphone Amp for its sound and price. One small con, its made of plastic and seems a bit fragile.
For what it does and how I use it, this is the hot setup!  Great for a quick practice and really sounds nice.  Wide overdrive and tone range.  The delay feature is basically a simple slap-back echo (I'd much rather have a chorus in there) but for price and the sound I'm quite pleased.
works very well.  I have to of them.  each does a little different thing,  they are great for traveling, or late night need to play stuff, when the rest of the family has no interest in your desire to get better.  the sound, effects, etc., are adequate and are good as you need without the real amplication.
I have to say I was pretty skeptical about how this would sound but I was shocked at the sounds I could get.It took just too a few seconds to dial in the tone I wanted and off we went.For the money and ease of practicing at anytime with a great tone  is worth twice as much.As far as durability I have had in a month used it 10 times, so far so good.I did purchase the protection plan for $10 so I'm covered for 2 years.
I was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  It just doesn't have the quality sound that I expected from the material written about it.  I've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iPhone or iPad.  That arrangement isn't as compact as this Vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing.
This little jewel is so small it can hide in your hand, but it delivers decent tone at a decent volume to your headphones for practicing indoors or outdoors over traffic sounds even. Its 1/4" TS plug goes directly into your bass's instrument cable jack, and it has one 1/8" TRS output jack for your headphone plug. But it also has a second 1/8" TRS input jack which allows you to connect your computer or mp3 player or cell phone so you can hear yourself playing over play-alongs or any such music source, both directly into your headphones.Its on-off switch has a third position for overdrive distortion, which I never use. It has both gain and volume output controls and both work. It also has a tone control but I cannot discern that it does anything. Could be that I just have a defective sample, but I don't care because the tone is fine just as it is.Others have described this little headphone amp as seeming somewhat fragile, and I don't argue with that--it does feel a bit thinly made and the 2xAAA battery door does seem weak. But I just take a little extra care not to drop it or bang it around in a gig bag. If the battery door eventually falls off, I'll use duct tape, and when this little thing completely wears out, I'll buy another. It's just too handy and easy to travel with not to own--and, as I said, it does the job.EDIT 2013-04-07: Still working fine.
In my house, I don't have to play quietly when rehearsing.... but when I really want to play along with a song and put some 'volume' to it, I can do it now without even a concern for our dogs, the neighbors, or my wife.  This device, as the product description tells you, allows you to plug it into your bass, plug your earbuds or headphones into it, set the volume and gain controls to suit, and play away in complete quiet to the rest of the world.  In addition, and this is the best part, there's a 1/8&#34; jack on this device that allows you to plug an mp3 player into it so you can play along with music of your choice.  I rehearse often with this thing.  You might think negatively about this device considering the fact that you can't control all the tone parameters like you can when rehearsing through your bass amp.  That's true.  But, the big thing is being able to use it for what it was designed for and all the ways it makes rehearsing simpler (less equipment-complicated) and quiet when necessary (lots of households have that need for quiet that don't always blend well with your rehearsal schedule, etc).  I paid $50 for it, and it works great,...worth the money for certain.
This device has been a blessing for my bass guitar practices. Armed with a set of headphones, I can play anywhere in the house at any time while also jamming to my MP3s (mp3 player plugged in too!).Worth the small price you pay.As far as construction, the battery door BARELY hangs on. I'm sure if I drop it, even from a low height, that door's flying off along with the battery.
Sounds just like an amp in your headphones! Gain, Tone and FX switch make for a broad range of sound since you won't be able to use any pedals. This is a great little piece of kit if you have some fun money to spend on it. 1 star off because, while nothing fell out, the plugs on both the bass and headphone side are very loose feeling.
Onstage makes well thought parts for mounting things..  I use these all of the time for small cameras that are stationary..  I put them on a mic stand and it takes much less room than a full blow tripod..  They can't hold a heavy camera very well but a small one they will hold just fine..
I always put my recorder on the stage on a mini tripod that would get kicked over by band members. Now I put my recorder on my monitor mike stand and don't worry about it anymore. Simplicity at its best.
Bought two of these inexpensive adapters and am very satisfied. I am not having any problems fastening to a stand or cam corder, and I am able to clamp the swivel lock very securely. I am only using for light-weight applications. Certainly worth the $7.
I was skeptical after reading the reviews, but the manufacturer must have read the same reviews because these things are solid and the glue that holds the rubber piece seems to be holding up well. No issues with the screw not tightening either. I plan to buy more of these in the near future.
I usually use fender .73 picks but they seemed to fall out of my fingers while I was playing and it was very irratating. So I picked these up. I no longer have to worry about them falling out of my hand. The star in the middle allows your fingers to connect in the star and you are able to get a good and stable grip on it. Hands down the best pick I've used.
I used to use the Tortex pick until a buddy of mine gave me one of these.  I ended up using that pick for something like 3 years (playing 1-2 times/wk).  Once I started playing 4hrs/wk at my church, I decided that this pick had proven its self so I order a small box.  I have never dropped one of these and have never broken one.  FYI: I generally don't play hard and I always play acoustic, Nanoweb custom lights.
I say this one is more between a Fender Medium and heavy. But it has the star for grip and that is super. Hard not to like. Get some!
Very good and very useful device. Very solidly built and it does what it was designed to do, very very well.
The Dunlop neck cradle is well designed and firmly supports the neck of any guitar. It is self adjusting and makes restringing a breeze!  Buy one, and I am sure you will like it as well as I.
I was impressed by the sturdiness and size of this neck cradle. Combined with the OP/TECH work mat that I purchased I can now turn almost any table or bench into a handy guitar workstation. In my experience Jim Dunlop always makes good products and this one continues that tradition.
Rugged pedal by a little known company. Took a shot in the dark, hit a bullseye! Great univibeish/old chorus device. Would like to see stereo output options in future models. Solid. If you have a Strat, have studied Jimi, then it will suit you well if you've got the right physical approach to the guitar itself.
decent, holds 2 stands and maybe a few extra poles.  the bag's shape from side view is a rectangle -- compare to other stand bags that's more of a square. Zipper seems to be very good quality, the bag is NOT padded at all, and the material used is very thin, there is however a water resistant coating on the interior of the bag.I think I should have spend $10 extra and got the on-stage padded stand bag.  But if you are going for local shows and doesn't need the extra padding for air travel, this is the bag to go.
I purchased this for handling convenience more than any other reason. I useOn Stage SS7761B Tripod Speaker Stands, which are light duty, but awkward to carry. This case solves that problem. When I mentioned light duty in the title, I truly meant it. While I gig twenty times per month, nearly all are totally acoustic, with a small powered speaker for rooms where the pianist/vocalist has to project over a grand piano. On very rare occasions do we need a full PA, and that is where this case comes in handy. Moving individual speaker stands from my vehicle to the performance area is awkward. Transporting them in this case isn't.These hold up beautifully if used three or four times per month when a full PA is needed. I am not sure I would want them for the heavier, all metal speaker stands because the weight would quickly wear the case out. It has reinforced stress points, but I still feel those are not adequate for heavier stands.You can easily fit the two stands that I mentioned above and aOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. The side pocket is good for incidentals like XLR to 1/4 inch adapters, patch cables and the like.Bottom line: this case is for occasional use only, and even then for lighter stands. I awarded it five stars because it does exactly what I need and is not touted to be anything but a light weight case.
These bags are large.  I didn't realize they would hold large tripod stands.  My other bags were a lot smaller and sometimes the tripods would stick out the top.  It would have been nice if there was two pockets so two tripods wouldn't touch each other but this still works great.
For the price, this 50 inch canvas bag is  great bag for toting around a couple of folded 9 foot light stands and miscellaneousbooms etc.I own other Gator products and have been very pleased with the quality and performance.Note that this bag does not have padding and does not have a divider but for the price paid, I still think it's an excellent bargain.
Excellent bag for tripods or stands that dont need a lot of protection. You have feel multiple microphone stands or maybe up to three speaker tripods in this. Affordable and easy.
I am extremely pleased with this amp. I purchased it because I was looking for a tube practice amp and this fit the bill. The numerous voicings and setting on this little gem make it worth far more than the asking price. Even though this is a low wattage amp, this sucker can get LOUD. The other reviews detail the exact specs much better than I could, so I will defer to them for that.However, this little amp packs a big punch when it comes to tone. I highly recommend it!
The Fender Vibro Champ is a great little amp. I'm amazed at how good this amp sounds. A small light weight package with a good set of voices that outputs a decent amount of sound.This is a 5 Watt Tube amp with enough power to fill a medium sized room or the perfect practice amp. This is a much better and louder amp than the small $100 solid state starter / practice amps by all the major manufacturers. Fender uses two very standard tubes for pre- and amplification: 12AX7 and 6V6 (both are Fender branded tubes). These are nice clean tubes that react consistently.The amp takes about 15 seconds to warm up and draws 45 Watts.The cool part of this amp is the 16 voice settings. In reality the amp packs effects for 7 different amps, Tweed, Blackface, British, Hot Rod, Metal, Jazz, and Acoustic. The first five have three different levels of style each. Our other two amps are Marshalls, an acoustic and a half stack. If I'm being really honest, I like the sound of this amp a lot more than the half stack. This is a clean simple amp to use. The Marshall has a ton of tweaks that are hard to get exactly right.The volume level on the different voices is nowhere near matched. Some voices are incredibly loud, others are really quiet. Switching voices means moving that volume knob a lot. Sadly, the volume only goes to 10.Once the voice is selected, there are 5 effects settings possible with two or three level for each (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo). The F/X level knob adjusts the amount of the effect applied (set to 1, the effect isn't used at all). This is probably the least useful part of the amp. There is no pedal selection, so once the effect is selected and volume dialed in, you're kind of stuck with that until you fiddle with the amp again. There's no easy way to change the effect in the middle of a song.There is a gain knob.I like the speaker on this amp. It is nicely detailed with a good warm sound. The internal speaker is connected with a 1/4 inch jack, so it is possible to connect the amp up to another cabinet with a simple 1/4 inch speaker cable. Very nicely done Fender, most cheaper amps are hard wired to the speaker. The back panel also has a 1/4 inch jack Line Out.This is a great small gig or practice amp. The sound is outstanding. The amp is used with a 1983 Gibson Lucille and a 2008 Les Paul Standard Plus.
Bought this as a supplement to my other amps (to record blues tones).  I first saw it in a big box musician's store while there was a "blues guitar session" going which is a public jam session open to anyone.  They had a lot of tube Fender amps plugged in.  I was surprised when I plugged into this amp away from that group, turned it up, and started playing... It sounded just as good as those other amps.  The two employees that worked there and two other customers couldn't believe where the sound was coming from... even the other players checked it out.  I don't understand how Fender has managed to keep this amp a secret for so long... poor marketing maybe?  I don't know, but if you want a blues or blues-rock amp with some great vintage tones, check these out.  Pick up a used one.They sound like a tube amp because, essentially, they are.  The amp sounds big and warm from the tubes, not thin and tin-like.  Has GREAT overdriven tweed, blackface, and bassman models.  A couple of the Marshall settings aren't bad either.  This amp sounds better than the Super Champ to my ears (tried this out at the store as well) which makes sense since it's a class A amp as opposed to class B... warmer and more articulate.The speaker is decent but this amp also sounds great using an external speaker cabinet.For home jamming and recording blues without driving everyone nuts, this amp is a God-send.  Check one out and you'll want it.
Small. Light weight. Stunning Fender Blackface looks. Warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. The digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. The fact that Fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. It is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. The direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. What could be easier? And it mikes well too, by the way. The choice is yours there.With no LED display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. The voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. The Tweed, Blackface, and Marshall voicing are all well done and lend to the overall tone of this fine little amp.Love the reverb in the FX section. The spring reverb is so well done that I bumped the amp once and was looking for the "spring chrash" known from amps with the real spring reverb. It's that good. Once again, the controls are easy and direct. Never an issue to simply select a model and then dial it in with little effort. Who cares if it doen't have a floorboard with dozens of switches and such for channel selection? You want that, go waste your money on a Line 6 or something. This Champ is made for one thing. To give you the best possible tone and selection for the least amount of money and effort. I believe it has accomplished that well.Again, a shame that Fender has dropped this model from the line up of products. The super model is a step up in power and speaker size, but also the cost is higher as well. I'm just glad that I got one of these from Amazon. com when I did and will not part with the amp. Been playing for five decades now and I know when I have a good instrument or gear and when I don't. This model is a keeper to be sure. And I don't even like digital! How's that for an endorsement? It's that good for what it does....
I got this for $150 dollars when it was on sale. I don't like 8 inch speakers for gigging, but it has unbelievably good sound when going from the line out into a PA. The 8 inch speaker is okay for practice, and it has a jack for an external cabinet. Be careful with the load you put on your amp though.
I've been using a very cheap amp for too long and decided to try a tube amp. This thing gave me chills the first time I played it as my wife was staring at me with open mouth after I unboxed it and turned it on thinking at first "you wasted our money on this" which turned to "dang this thing sounds good guess it's ok with me" as I begin to shred on it with my p90 equipped les paul..The tons of effects are very nice and sound very realistic, and for 5 watts this think can play ridiculously loud and clear in a large living room or small venue, though I don't think it is loud enough for a drummer. It has line out and speaker out which is great, and this amp has nice build quality. Plus it's on sale right now so snatch one before they're all gone. I would gig with this miked or even record with it and plug the line out right into recording device. Note that this thing takes about 15 seconds to warm up so you can't just flip it on and play instantly (not a huge deal, just turn it on before you get situated). I wish they could have crammed a 10 inch speaker in it, though the 8 inch in there sounds rather decent for what it is and is very efficient. So stop thinking about it and just go buy it!
Use them all the time.  Has velcro too.  Goes from my DI or preamp to my audio interface.  Good quality.
My Instant Order Update notice shows that I purchased this in December 3, 2010, and during the time I've owned this cable it has been heavily used and is still noise-free and perfect in all respects.  For context I purchased it to connect a mic tube pre-amp to a mixer, so it has been set up and torn down many times in the past two and a half years.Key points that earn the five stars is the heavy duty strain reliefs, which keep the inside conductors from bending and stressing. I am guessing those are why this patch continues to be noise free and provide a strong signal.  Also, the XLR connectors are of the highest quality. In the past I have cut corners only to find that small details like connectors do not always mate well. Not so with these. They engage and disengage without binding or looseness. Bear in mind that they have been in frequent use - inserted and removed hundreds of times.The outer jacket is fairly thick, which to me is an indication that the manufacturer did not cut corners when this cable was constructed.Overall I am pleased because this patch has withstood a lot of use and has held up perfectly. I would not hesitate to purchase more of this brand and model if I need additional ones.
The plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of VERY thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. I guess I can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but I have many Whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. I expected more from this manufacturer, but I guess the quality is not the same as it used to be.
I bought this to &#34;daisy-chain&#34; two small Kustom powered PA cabinets.  Virtually all of the XLR cables available were way too long for my application. This cable filled the bill perfectly.
Had it for about two weeks and I'm about to return it now.Things that I like(d):1. It's a classic Fender and I was looking for something of good quality with great price.2. Sounds clear and crystal good, unplugged.3. This can be subjective but I think this BulletStrat is more comfortable than a Les Paul simply because it's wider and thinner.4. All the previous four ratings here on Amazon and even higher ratings on Musician's friend.Things I don't like much:1. 15th fret of lower E string is dead, and like always I take quality control into my rating account.(I don't want to bother go to a local shop for a fix, never mention that's $20 in addition)2. I couldn't figure out why the tune nob never changed the sound (like not a bit)? (I'm new to electric but my Les Paul does change tunes... in a much much more obvious way)3. Talking about plugged sound, it's no where close to unplugged. Notes are pretty mixed up and not separated/clear, very loud though.4. I don't know if it's universal, I ordered new and get it with dirty plastic cover with scratches. What's worse is, they place this nasty cover in between of the panel and the components upon it which makes it impossible to remove... (I', not even sure if I can call it a protective cover because it's pretty weak and thin.)This is overall an OK guitar, consider its price it can be made at least slightly better. For beginners on budget with less than $200, I would recommend go for the better ones with a little more price. For example, me, I got a SX Deimos ($175) Les Paul which I'm in love with now. Simply everything about it is better, and I finally get the feelings of an electric. I'm glad I don't need to stuck with this anymore.According to Amazon,3 Stars - It's OK4 Stars - I like it5 Stars - I love it3 Stars Checked, it really IS just an OKAY guitar to me.Thanks for reading, and hope people find their beloved guitars!
I am so in love with my &#34;pinkie&#34;! I have been taking lessons using an electric acoustic guitar and I wanted to see the difference. This has a thinner neck so you don't have to stretch so wide, so it's easier on my hands. It's actually fairly light for an electric guitar and I went with it because it's by Fender and it does seem to have that Fender quality for the price. The only thing that I don't like is that it has a slight buzzy sound on the 6th string. I will know better when I take the originals off, but for now it wasn't a major issue.
The Squier Bullet that I have is actually the model without the tremolo, however, everything else is just about the same as the model you see above. It's a nice guitar for the money. Nice size, action, and finish. It's not a high-end guitar so don't expect it to sound like one, but for a beginner, it's pretty sweet. I bought a more expensive blues guitar and had planned on trading this one in or selling it, however, I like it so much, that I plan on keeping it as a back up. Parts are pretty easy to come by (with slight modifications, but that's to be expected) and fairly cheap too.
It feels great, looks great, and sounds great. What more can I say? If you're just starting out, this guitar is perfect for you. Once you get better at playing it, you can customize it a bit more to your level of skill. Highly recommended.
Ok for the price.  Tuners old style not sealed.  PUP plate mal-adjusted and off quite a bit.  I'd suggest adding locking tuners or at least modern day versions.On the positive, action and intonation good.  Better than expected.  Much better than most Chinese guitars at the same price level.  However, I've purchased others that have higher quality hardware for the same or less.  That said, you'll probably do OK.Epiphone setup and overall quality better than the Squier.
It connected well in the nady smps-x1 phantom power unit I bought! I'll update how I hook it up! Check!
I needed a cable to go from my mic to the floor, just to plug in a delay effect (our PA doesn't have an effects loop).This is just what the doctor ordered.I just toss it in my gig bag with my vocal effects pedal and run the regular XLR from the pedal to the PA and I'm in business.[...]
Not much to say about a XLR cable.It works.Average quality..does the job. No problems. Good price, came quickly through PRIME.
Needed a 6ft cable for home recording at my desk, all the other long ones would have made a mess under my feet, good thing there was this shorty. Nice cord, sturdy build, good sound. Electrons go through it and don't leak out so it's perfect i guess.
It's working ok, not for hard useI just use it on my PC table for karaoke online.with phantom mic it's well done.
I originally bought several of these cables to use between our DMX light fixtures. The day they arrived I happened to need a six foot cord on my live mic stand so I tried one of these. The cable is soft and flexible and I could not tell any difference in sound from the custom cable I had been using (that's a good thing, my other cable was very expensive).The connectors are not gold plated but it's an inexpensive cable, it's not pretending to be anything other than a decent low-cost XLR two-conductor shielded cable. It's working for me, I'll be buying more for our studio.
Good quality, well made. Its a simple cable, what can be said. It was a good deal, did the job.
I use it with home recording and it is great for my needs. I recommend this to anyone who records at home.
Often, we get what we pay for. After researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, I chose solid items for reasonable prices.I should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. This item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. The microphone end was a VERY shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic.Don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand.
These cables seem to be quality-made.  I purchased them to go with my two microphones (also in the same Amazon order).I have yet to try them with my microphone.
For the price I think it's hard to get any better than this.  I love this case.  It fits perfectly in the overhead bin on planes.  It's light and feels comfortable when you carry it.  Had mine for 2 years now and no complaints, still as good as new.  The look is not that inspiring, but it protects your guitar.  Some reviews are mentioning faulty hinges but I've had no problems with mine.
Sturdy - great latches - I love the handle - so comfortable to carry - nice and big so it fits your hand well.Not a lot of interior storage - but my Strat fits well - it is very secure inside.There is enough room inside for a strap and a cleaning cloth, a few picks and a set of strings - but not much else.My old case I could also fit a Boss TU-3 tuner - this ensures a thinner, lighter case.The case is also very well balanced with the guitar inside.If I purchase another Strat I will purchase this case again. Great case. Heavy duty. Rugged. Sturdy.** 10-23-2012 - still holding up well!
Acquired a 1993 strat without a trem and ordered this one. It fits perfect and even though I'm not a huge whammy user it's nice to have for that occasional vibrato.
Bwarrrrngarooroorooroorooroororooro beoooooooooooghreaeaughneneeeneeeneeeneeeneeneeneneneee.Meedlemeedlemeedlemeedleleelelelelemememememe wee weee weee weeeweeeweeeweeeeweeee.Doooobleeedooobleeedoobleddoo dszchewieeeeenrarraaarraararrraararara derrroughroo roor orroo roo roo roo roo rooroo.Juh juh juh juh juh juh juhj uh sqweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooorrrgh. Du Du .Duh Duh!Hendrix, bro.This arm fit my Mexican Strat perfectly.  I then sold it to a beginner guitarist for a great price.  I firmly believe that this small investment of vibrato arm greatly increased my return.  The only problems is that I'm not sure I can afford to pay the capital gains tax for all the profit that I made on my guitar investment.  I might have to sell one of my Lexuses.. Lexi.. what the hell is the plural of Lexus?
This arm is a direct replacement for the original.....  It is a bit to long for my liking and I may shorten it down in the near future.
this tremolo arm needed to be bent outwards a bit in order for it screw down enough while still clearing the volume and tone controls, overall a pretty good purchase
It works as advertised.  Replaced missing tremolo bar.  I don't normally use one, but if I ever wanted to sell the Strat I would want to sell it complete.
Very nice quality part.  Fit the trem very snugly until some of the chrome plating was removed. But my Mexi-Strat is now complete.
Background:I'm a gear-head, with an affection for pedals and always looking for amps that take them well.  Before my current set-up, I played a Fender Strat run through my effects into a Vox AC15.  The Vox sounded great but I had two problems: 1 - The all tube amp made me worry that my amp could crap out in the middle of a gig. 2 - At 15 watts, even though it was loud, I'd often have to crank my amp to keep up with the rest of the band, and as the tube amp increased, so did it's natural gain.  That would normally be sweet, but it would color my effects with a different tone, and often times leave me having feedback issues.Enter the Fender Frontman 212R!This thing has TONS of clean headroom, and it seems like it was built for pedals.  I can crank the amp or keep it quiet, and there is no tone changes done to my effects.  This is a benefit of a solid state amp with high wattage and lots of clean headroom.  It makes it easy to dial in your sound every time, no matter what volume you play at.Secondly, it's Fender reliable (with a 5 year warranty).  No tubes means no tube issues.  Yes, it doesn't sound as good as the Vox by itself, but that's why I have pedals.Other things worth mentioning:It's not as heavy as my Vox (all tube) amp.  I can carry this in with one hand and my guitar case with another.It's got 2x12inch speakers.  They push some serious sound, and they have some low punch too.  My Vox had a better speaker, but the 12 inch by itself would often get stressed at high volumes.  This amp puts out a wall of clean sounds that can put you down!My Vox may be a better recording amp, but this is a better gigging amp every day of the year.
Try to get the version w/the black cabinet for around $300 as that's what most major music stores are charging. In any case, I was really looking more for a twin 12" speaker to pair with an amp head but those can cost as much, if not more, than this combo!The clean side of the amp is exactly that - very very clean. This amp has tons of power to spare. In your house you do not have or want to turn it up beyond 3. Can't even imagine what the 8 or 9 might be like. I have my own separate effects stomp box so I can let this amp sound like almost ANYTHING. The big plus here is that unlike with real tube amps that need to be cranked up pretty much to get the right sound, here you can have it set on 2 and still get pretty much any amp sound (I am using a ZOOM MS50G). All in all hard to beat, for practice session as well as small to mid size gigs. Only thing I miss a bit is a headphone jack.
I have been playing for 9 years.  Have owned many different guitars and amps, tube and solid state.  Currently own and use...Marshall JCM2000 DSL 100 w/1960b cabMarshall MG half-stackFender Super Champ X2 w/Carvin cabFender Frontman 212rLine 6 Spider III 120 Watt 2x10Kustom 35 Watt Combo 1x12Out of my solid state amps, this one sounds the best.  In fact, this amp sounds great, gets plenty loud, is affordable, and is not some junk brand you have never heard of.  Has a great clean tone with a lot of low end.  Reverb sounds great as well.  A little overdrive sounds good too unless you use too much, gets quite noisy and loses its clarity.  Remember, this amp is NOT for metal.  If high gain is what your after, then stay away.  If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  Also, unless your playing with a drumset, this amp is overkill as far as volume goes.  100 watts is not at all necessary for the bedroom guitarist. If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  All in all this amp was a good buy and I recommend it to anyone in the market for a solid state amp in this price range....But this wouldn't be a very good review without having some cons.  So here are mine.  These are by no means deal breakers but I find them quite annoying.POWER SWITCH IS ON THE BACK?-I find it annoying to have to reach around the back of the amp and feel for the power switch every time I turn it on.  It is especially annoying if you are like me and have limited space and stack your amps on top of each other.  With another amp sitting on top of my Frontman 212r, the power switch is even harder to get to.EFFECTS LOOP IS ON THE FRONT?-The last thing I want to see on or around my rig is messy wires everywhere.  When using the effects loop, one has to deal with looking at two more wires hanging down over the front of your amp when they could be hidden in the back.  Not the end of the world but I just don't understand why.  Why Fender why?FOOT-SWITCH JACK IS ON THE FRONT?-This one is not so bad, but just adds more messy wires to the picture.REVERB IS NOT FOOT-SWITCHABLE.-Foot-switch includes "Channel" and "Boost" buttons.  A third button for "Reverb" would have been AMAZING.CAB IS MADE OF SUPER CHEAP PARTICLE BOARD.-Not that I expected anything different in this price range, but the "wood" used is so soft, that you CANNOT pick it up by the back.  I could easily break a piece off with my bare hand if I wanted to, no exaggeration.  I know because when I first got this amp I went to pick it up and I immediately stopped myself because I could feel it about to break.---BOTTOM LINE---BUY if...-This is the best amp you can afford-This matches the sound your after-You need the 100 Watts to be loud enough for a drumset-You want the Fender name and sound without the huge price-tag.DONT BUY if...-You play metal/hard rock-This is your first amp-You only plan on playing at bedroom levels-You can afford a tube amp
These tuners look and feel great. I used them on a Warmouth neck that I purchased for my strat build. It was kind of a pain having to drill the 2 holes for the prongs on each tuner, but that is the way it is designed. They would be a suitable replacement for Fender tuners should one ever break.The gold hardware looks awesome on my guitar.
Warning the tuners have two bumps instead of one. When I looked at the picture it looked like there was only one but there is two and I didnt find it anywhere in the description. Anyway it just lost one star for that I still put them on my guitar and it looks bad a@#!!!!
I will start with saying this is NOT a Class 1 Tube amp; meaning ALL tube in the pre-ampAND the amplifier sections. I will also say that if you can find one used - buy it. It is awonderful practice amp and can also serve well as a studio amp or a small gig amp. Ipurchased this amp about 2 years ago and love it.The Super Champ XD is considered a 'hybrid' amp. It uses solid state circuits and tubesto bring you your hybrid 15 watts of sound.  The power amp is all tube and the preampis solid state and tube. I am not real technical when it come to amps but can tell youthis amp has had some detractors and a lot of fans mainly because it is a hybrid. Thereis definitely plenty of opinions out there on the web.This amp has two channels; one clean Classic 'Blackface' tone channel and one channelthat uses digital signal processing to dial in 16 effects and 16 different amplifier voices.You can purchase a foot switch for about $25 that enable you switch between channelone and channel two.The amp also has a 1/4" Speaker Out so you can connect an external speaker box if youso choose to increase your decibels with a bigger speaker. There is also a 1/4" Line Outto connect recording or sound reinforcement equipment. Unfortunately, there is not aHeadphone Output or Effects Loop.The amplifier use three tubes: 1x 12AX7 and 2x 6V6s. It's speaker is a 10 inch, 8ohm'Special Design' Fender. If you want to get louder, fuller and cleaner you could replacethe stock speaker with a Eminence 'Rajin Cajun'. You can also just break in the stockspeaker and see what you think. Some players are comfortable with the stock speaker.With regard to tubes and speakers there are plenty of forums out there that talk about themods they use and the subsequent results from those mods. This is an amp you can easilymod and after a few years there have been plenty of people doing just that.I will say that the clean channel is very nice whether I play through my Gibsons or myFender Tele. I very much enjoy the clean Blackface sound of the amp. It will breakupwhen you dial up to about 4 or 5 on the Master.The Digital Voicing Processor(DSP), from what I read from more experienced players, arepretty darn close to the original. Voices like, Tweed, British (Think Vox jangle), FenderHot Rod, Metal, an Acoustic 'super clean' tone optimized for finger picking. There is alsoa clean Jazz tone that has the 'character of the Fender Jazz King amplifier'. Again, I amnot that experienced with all of these tones but many players have positivecomments about the digital voices.With regard to the Effects (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo) the opinionsout there is that they are serviceable but not authentic. It is often recommended to buya pedal specific for the effect you are looking for if you want 'authentic'.If you want or need  a highly versatile voice channel with a wonderful clean channel thisis the amp. It  weighs only 25 pounds (10.9kg) so it's portability is very good. This ampwas a wonderful deal at $300 when I originally bought it in 2011. It is still a good dealtoday - if you can find one used.
I bought this for my stratocaster build and it works perfectly. The holes lined up, it felt sturdy, and it is a genuine fender part.It isn't completely black though. There is a white stripe running around the outer edge. Not a problem for me, but it may be for some.
A genuine Fender part that looks great on my '10 MIM Strat. Good price and it arrived quickly as well.
Not much to say about this one.  It's a genuine fender trem cover, and it will do its job well.
Promptly received, nicely packaged with protective film on it.  Little bit of fiddling with it to get the holes lined up, but overall a very nice part.  Compliments my B/W/B pickgaurd nicely. Open slot in the back much more convenient than the series of holes, normally found.
The screw holes are just a shade off for my guitar, and you would think they would want to standardize so they didn't have to carry so many parts.  Nope, doesn't fit a Squire Affinity, just FYI.
gives a nice little boost on my blues jr, however this is not a replacement for an overdrive pedal in my opinion, just more of a boost. wish it had a grippy bottom made from rubber vs a smooth bottom made from plastic...
At this time, I am using this switch on my Fender Frontman 25R to switch between the normaland drive channels. The 90 deg. jack is perfect for this (and a lot of amps),as there are no dials in this area. I have run into the 90 deg. jack problem, and the onlysolution I have found is to use a Mono to Stereo 1/4 inch gender changer, or a short monoextension cable (which is what I normally use, as the stereo jack presents added problems) as nobody makes a 1/4inch mono female to 1/4inch mono male gender changer, which I have found to be more than a little strange.This is a very old style switch that is made in China (like everything else) but works very wellfor this simple task. I have 4 on hand.
Since I paid about $13 for this, I was not expecting a great deal. What I received was a decent enough floor switch for a Fender Mustang I or II. It works well as a way to switch between two user-determined presets on my Mustang II. Construction is about as good as I would normally get on a $13 item. It would be nice if the switch design allowed greater flexibility, but that's a function of the Mustsng II design overall. I'm not grading the switch on that.If you have a compatible Fender amp and can get this for less than $15, then it's a good deal. If prices go above that, best to wait it out or check the pricing of used units on the Amazon Marketplace.
I just bought a tweed Blues Jr. and love the amp. It's got a great tone, much better than the black one I had 3-4 yrs. ago. I just downsized from a 40 watt Blues Deluxe reissue and having compared them side by side I can say they sound very, very similar, as they have the same speaker, but the BJ is much lighter.That being said the fat switch really makes a lot of difference when taking a solo. I was actually surprised at how much it fattens up the tone, didn't do that on my last one. This pedal works great for that too, It feels very solid and it doesn't make any audible clicking noises that I can hear when engaging it.
If you're a metalhead, STAY AWAY!! I tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey Rogue G10 blows it out of the water. This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. It's GREAT for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. But if you demand metal, get far away!
This is a cool little amp for practicing in a small room or playing to a small group of people.It produces some nice warm tones and can get loud enough for jamming with but is good if you don't want to be too loud. It has a headphone jack also. I like this so much I might experiment with miking it for gigs, never thought I would say that about a 10 watt.Fender choose quality over bells and whistles with this one. There is an overdrive on/off button with adjustable gain, volume control and a simple treble/bass equalizer. Other then that it is all rock. Physically it is built strong too.
For the money, this thing sounds just fine. I got it for my son to toy around with. He barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price.
Exactly what I needed for testing guitars and playing at home.  Same as what comes with epiphone bundles but with fender on it
This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. It sounds great and I like the headphone and MP3 player hookups. Good value.
Every midi usb converter on amazon below 50 bucks seemed sketchy, but I tried this one with my Casio keyboard. Works on Logic and Garageband, however whenever I try to use modulation or pitch bend, it creates a actual note on my Mac and won't stop unless you quit the program. Be wary.
I tried with with my Macbook Pro with both Mountain Lion and Mavericks. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. I simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. Active Sense used on most Roland products seems to kill it completely.In contrast I purchased the -MU's Xmidi 1x1 Tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time I use it.I should have totally returned this product. Instead it's in a landfill.
I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you *are* in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has **nothing** to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers.
I was able to connect it to my PC. There was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the PC, but once I installed better midi software (CoolSoft VirtualMIDISynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer.
I am very pleased with the product.  It has performed better than I had expected.  I recommend it highly.  I shall probably order more from this company in the future.
I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. The respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the PC end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface.
It works perfect with Cakewalk Music creator 5 and a Digitech vocalist. Best price out there.
I've been playing guitar for 40 years. This was my 1st decent classical guitar. I own a Gibson Hummingbird and an Alvarez acoustic as well as electrics by most major manufacturers. I like the fact that it has a truss rod which I've already adjusted to improve the action. The tone is very rich for such an inexpensive guitar. The finish is pretty and I like the solid cedar top. It records very well and sounds as good as more expensive models. The case is nice as well. So far I've had no problems. I bought new strings but haven't replaced them yet. The old strings are very worn but the guitar still sounds loud and &#34;alive&#34;. I'm sure new strings will also improve the already wonderful sound.
Just starting out (again) playing guitar and ordered up this Classical. From the moment I took it out of the box I was impressed. The finish was really nice and the sound is awesome. Seems to stay in tune pretty well too. For under $300 you can't go wrong :-)
This is the first guitar I've bought without playing it first, so I was apprehensive. But it's a fine guitar. It's plain to look at - no decoration or embellishments, but the sound is rich and full, as if it were at least ten years old. I like the nut width and the action is perfect for my playing. The tuners are geared low, which allows precise tuning. It came with Savarez strings - not the best I've used, but good. And I was pleasantly surprised with the gig bag. It's strong and durable, and well designed. All in all, I doubt I could have found a better quality product for such a low price.
I've been using these picks for eight months and they last forever. I lose them before they wear out. I'll be buying and recommending these for a long time.
This was a great purchase.  A bagful of pretty picks to help my son with his new guitar.  Good thing there were so many in the bag because he seems to keep losing them.  Great price and purchase.
Made of leather or high-quality pleather, so it seems built-to-last. I use it on my Seagull and it totally works great. I would definitely recommend, but it's kind of expensive for what it is.
very smart & handy design that my acoustic guitar doesn't have to be drilled a hole for.  it's very easy to buckle the guitar strap on the neck & its botton button of the guitar, that is!
I may have misunderstood the product description but I prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. My issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when I play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. If you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what I thought.
Nothing special here. If you don't like doing the shoelace thing with your acoustic guitar strap, and you don't want to bore a hole in the heel, then this is a nice compromise. There are slits on both ends of the leather, which means you can reverse the button if you don't want the logo on the front of the guitar neck/headstock. You could even flip it inside-out and have the soft leather side exposed. I subtracted a star because I think the button should be made out of metal instead of plastic.
I bought this for my Sigma DMC-15E, it allows my guitar to hang better than the lasso type headstock straps and looks much better, they leather is very high quality and is very supple.
For those Martins and Sigmas, as well as, other guitars without a neck brace button, this is the secure way to connect your strap. Forget the leather shoe-string clipping that comes with some straps, this is secure and won't ever end up with loose ends on the first fret. Nothing to tie or untie, a quick button connection is all that's needed. Just make sure your choice of strap is long enough since the distance to the neck is greater than the guitar body. Doesn't improve functionality but, the matching logo is a nice touch for Martin and Sigma guitars.
I have a Martin D35 acoustic and strapping it with the string knot around the neck is honestly a bit annoying to do - so i figure what's a $10 investment going to do for me?make things easier and CLEANER LOOKING - that's what!i like it because it really just makes puting the strap on the guitar that much easier and removing it again an easy task.I bought the martin strap to match the color.Martin 18AMS2 Martin Leather Guitar Strap - Brownjust being a martin brand nut i suppose!
The connection strap is a great enhancement for my D18 and fits wonderfully. Just one caution...I noticed a couple of scratches on the neck near the Headstock and finally determined that the "Button" was pressing on the neck when in the case.(I have occasion to pack and unpack several times per month)  It's easy to connect and disconnect so that's the "Prevention Mode" I now have in place. Wonderful set-up and I highly recommend it to to ALL Martin Owners!
This beats using a adhoc string going around the headstock on my Martin. I've heard horror stories about these devices coming loose and the guitars going head first into the floor! Strings might look tacky but they'll stay on there if tied properly!Just make sure the button portion is thru the hole in your strap SECURELY, then pulled it snugly so it won't pull out.
This is a vey simple fix to a constant problem with guitar straps and where to connect the strap to your guitar.  It goes on in a jiffy and the over the neck strap connects easily.  It is a great idea and worth the cost.  I hate having to drill a hole in my guitars.
I like to attach ALL of my guitars by the neck/headstock instead of using thetop button, and have just used the typical shoestring in the past, but no more.Once you get this baby on the strap, it is not going anywhere.I have a few of these installed on guitars (and one bass) I play a lot.They (obviously) give a lot more support than a string, and will not dig in tothe finish as a string might.Give it a try, you just may like the way the guitar sits, as you don't get the neckdrop that comes with just attaching to the body of the guitar.
Just what I needed...easy to attach and saved drilling a hole for my guitar strap. Works like a charm!I recommend this product.
This audio adapter works perfectly.  Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio.  I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers.
I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro.  Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card.Good in a pinch!
Great quality. I bought this at the same time as another 7.1 HD USB sound card, but that one break. This one has lasted. My only complaint is that even with the sound all the way down to 1, it is still fairly loud and I end up turning down the volume in whatever app I'm using.
Works well with my PC notebook and my MacBook Pro.  Sounds good.  Amazing for the price.  Good buy. Can'd go wrong.
This product has a mono-microphone input and a stereo headphone output.  It is meant for connecting a headset to a USB port.  Since the headset has a mono-microphone, this adapter works great.  The drivers automatically install on microsoft operating systems.  This product is great for using a soft-phone or other communications program.  The windows systems remembers volume settings each time it is connected.  I imagine that you could use something other than a headset with this, but it was mainly built for a headset.  Works seemless and great with a headset.
I've owned just about every muff.  No Triangle or Civil War.  But this is my favorite muff thus far.  Way more versatile than any other muff.  The switches involment in the the circuit really isn't too elaborate, but then again all bypasses aren't.  I love wicker on and tone off.  Cuts like a buffalo.  I hate to have a bunch of fuzz's and distortions in my chain, but its there right next to a Keeley Fuzz Head, a Analogman Peppermint Fuzz, and a TS-9 modded to an 808 w/ Brown that I modded myself.  I love this Muff!  I can't wait to see what they do next.  Plus...  These new EHX pedals are build tough as nails and full true bypass.  If you like muffs, you'll really like this one.  If you didn't like muffs before, you'll probably like the wicker feature, it makes it far more clear and pronounced and less of a glob a goo and more distortion/ fuzz friendly.  I give it four stars, because the five is only meant meant for devices that you just freak out and half to have, for me the Keeley Fuzz Head is a five, I love that thing.
This pedal is awesome. I use it the most of all my pedals, because it's pretty much perfect. I can get 4 completely different sounds out of it. It's also true-bypass, so it will not effect your tone when it is off. It's much smaller than the big muff pi, which is good because it takes less room on your pedalboard. Just to let you all know, this is NOT an overdrive or distortion pedal. It is a fuzz pedal. So don't buy it expecting overdrive. Also, when it's turned on you will hear a hum, but the web says that it has to do with flourescent lights, and muff pedals hum alot. None of that makes me dislike the pedal. It's one of the hest fuzz pedals ever. I use it in front of a wah, and that's all I'll ever need to use pedal-wise. Get this pedal!!!!!!!
First things first, this is a fuzz pedal (and on the heavy side) which mean it provides thick ground shaking distortion and sustain.  This is very different from normal distortion so noise is to be expected whether you are playing or not.Second, a true bypass switch (like in the Big Muff)is a mechanical switch as opposed to Boss type pedals that have buffers which color your sound even when they are off.  Mechanical switches make noise are are louder the more durable they are.Ok so now to the actual sound which is amazing.  This pedal has a tone of versatility because not only do you have a lot of options on the pedal itself but it reacts dynamically to the knobs on your guitar.  Since I play a Les Paul with 57 classics I will often turn the volume down to 8 when using this otherwise the bass can be overwhelming (but awesome). Strat and Tele players probably wont have the same issue with single coils.  In addition the Wicker and Tone features all for more sounds that just the original Big Muff or you can just turn them off to get the original sound.Great for: Black Keys (they use a big muff), Weezer (think My Name is Jonas), certain Greenday songs, and basically anything where you need thick and deep fuzz with the option to tone it down if need be.
This simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when I'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  It's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  It rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  Well worth it.
Yes this product is simple and expensive enough to raise some eyebrows. But this tool is very well designed. It keeps the guitar from sliding and positions it at a nice angle for maintenance. In storage mode, the mat rolls up into the clear plastic tube and takes up very little space. The bottom cover doubles as a storage compartment for your hex wrenches, string winder, and feeler guages.But the real reason I give this product five stars is because it allows me to work on my guitars while keeping them in perfect condition. That increases their resale value, so the tool pays for itself. And it gives me a lot of pleasure to have the right tools for the job. With the right tools, I enjoy working on my guitars almost as much as playing them. While I hear what those complaining of the high cost are saying, I am used to paying higher prices for good tools and I think this qualifies as a good tool. I used it to put new pickups in and setup my Squier Stratocaster last night without damaging my guitar. Without this tool, I don't think I would have been so lucky.
Long wait for overpriced item.  Arrived on time but there was a 3 week wait. Overpriced but was expected as Fender name on product..
Not much to day, it's a polishing cloth, it cleans your guitar, and it does it right. Good price too, nothing to complain about.
Purchased this for my son to use on his guitars.  He absolutely loves it. Has been wanting a cloth like this for his guitars.  Prompt shipping, great price, great product.
Nic epiece of cloth to wipe my strings and it looks cool with fender on it. happy buyer Thank you very much
Nothing exciting about these things, but they do the job well. I polished my 1991 Gibson Les Paul with this recently and I'd forgotten how shiny and beautiful that guitar was. Does a great job.
Great polishing cloth. Not much to say here other than it works and works well. Removes all the fingerprints and polishes my baby up like new after each practice or gig. Can't go wrong.
I like those guitar picks and their colors, they are well designed and useful, it comes with different shapes and colors, that makes them easy to locate if you lose them on the floor or anywhere
the reason I bought them is I only needed a few, I live in BFE and there is no real place to buy any on my drive home from work, so I got these and delivered to my doorstep,, all is well with the world
The guitar picks were exactly what I was looking for. I like hard picks and these were the ones I needed.
These picks have proven their worth when I thrash them on my strings in an epic guitar solo or extreme metal I find myself playing all too often. Great picks, would buy 'em again.Bottom line:These guitar picks are outstanding.
These are very nice looking guitar picks. I've used these and don't have any problem with them.Thanks, Austin Garcia
This package of picks is of good colors and good weight. They seem to be easier to hold and pick without being to stiff.
these are well made...good enough to give to buddies and have a few in every guitar case i own..will purchase again..enjoy
10 picks medium which came in a clearly marked pack from the company. Cheaper than going into town and mailed directly to me. Good deal. Will order again!
I'm not one to use picks much so when I do I prefer a light pick. I will be handing some of these to fellow guitar players because 25 will last a very long time. It is fun to share :-) For those needing a light pick go for these. Recommended.
These work fine; no cracking, they come in a nice assortment of colors, and they're easy to see when they get dropped.
What else can be said about them, they're good picks. They strum well, they pick well and they look good
Good price for an pack of pickups. Any guitarist need a pack of these because its not too heavy and very durable.
These are good picks and produce a great tone.  They're better than most picks at sticking to my sweaty fingers.
i bought 10 pack of this and i'm still using one so far and is still good. nice quality and good price too.
I purchased the l0 pack picks for my son who just started playing the guitar.  As in all beginners they want the best and he loves the color and design.
this picks are great for hard rock since they are heavey but not that heavy for solos. I play a lot of metallica songs with it an they are great.
I purchased these along with a new guitar for my daughter as a present. So far, so good. You can't beat the price. Thanks.
I have played guitar for about 12 years and these picks are now my favorite picks ever. I can't really explain why, they just feel right. Sometimes they break, but what pick light pick doesn't unless it's nylon?
great product for the price, I mean they are guitar picks and medium picks at that.  Nice gloss finish and the designs on them is pretty cool
These guitar picks are just the right thickness and stiffness for comfortable playing.  The colors are nice as well.  I would recommend these.
I like the Jim Dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best.  If you want your electric guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
They are good quality guitar picks, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for some guitar picks.
Good medium picks, decent feel and sound.  Would recommend for practice picks, pretty decent on noodling.  Girlfriend likes the colors. hahaha
These picks were a good deal. They are pretty cool looking and I will be able to use them for a long time. They are durable and they were a better deal than many other picks.
Very nice guitar picks for the very fair price.  I like them very much.  Of course I am just a beginner.
I've probably used every type of pick out there at this point in my life, and find that Planet Waves makes a good one at a fair price. Picks will always be a subjective thing, every user has his/her own preference, so trying out as many as you can can benefit you in the end. These are well made, last quite awhile, and they don't even look bad, try them out, you might just like them :-)
Our teenager really likes these.  As a beginner guitar player he likes the variety and was able to find out what types of picks he prefers.  Have not broken one yet.
These are high quality thick guitar picks. The colors are great. Unfortunately I would have expected a little better packaging. I know the company is trying to save money, but having them in a tiny plastic bag and tapped to a piece of paper in the envelope was a little less exciting to receive. Almost didn't know what it was because of this. Just seemed like a bunch of advertisements and mail.
Not bad for the price they have it for. Multi color and easy to use. Durable pick, would recomened for you to buy it
very nice guitar pics, sound almost as nice as metal guitar pics, very lovely, size was as expected, great sound
I've been playing for over 30 years and these are perfectly fine guitar picks.  Not special but not disappointing either.  As long as your hands don't sweat a lot you'll be fine with these.But a real "assorted" pack of picks should be more than just assorted colors.  A real useful assortment would be a pack with different thicknesses.  I like to experiment with different types of picks.  These "assorted" picks are really all the same, just different colors.
My mother has a habit of stealing my picks so I always order from them. They always give me good picks to use.
I bought these for my music class. The teens really liked the colors to choose from, and I like the price!
Great picks!  Nice flexibility and easy playing no matter what your style.I would recommend these for any guitar player!
Not much to say here. I have a bad habit of putting picks in my mouth and chewing on them, effectively destroying them, but with these, I don't know what they've done and put on the surface of these things, but it is gross. Haha, it killed my bad habit of chewing on picks.
received them in four days....just in time for my first lesson....Can't say much more than that because I am just beginning lessons and don't really know what to look for yet....
I like the quality of the picks. Not too hard or soft and quite fit to my play style. Thanks!
Guitar picks. What can I say? I bought these along with my first guitar, so its not like I have a preference. But they come in a pack of 10 so there are plenty of spares when you lose them, and you will. Definitely good enough to start with until you gain enough experience to know the difference between all the many kinds of picks.
I once bought a guitar case that came with a variety pack (from light to heavy) of Planet Waves picks. Since then, I've used nothing else.I've found that the light picks, (.50mm) are perfect for me. These obviously don't last as long as thicker picks, (but still last a very long time), and they suit my playing style and the type of music I play better. The picks are comfortable to hold and are attractively designed in a faux mother-of-pearl style. I'll definitely continue to buy this brand in the future.
What do you say about a little chip of celluloid? Well, almost everyone I know who plays has a preference in guitar picks. These do it for me. I like the look and, more important, I like the feel in my fingers and on the strings. They also seem to make a good, clean sound. I use an Ibanez electric and a Gibson acoustic as my favorites out of seven guitars. Maybe, it's all in my head but, these feel good to me using any of my guitars.
great picks,, they are shorter for speed and maneuvering sweeps better not to stumble in strings when sweep,, so for me it works fine i do use Th turtle purple big ext HH as well but i like to try this for experiment to see how it helps spleen on sweeps etc,, nice picks well made
Good picks but not a replacement for jazz 3 that I still prefer over this one, nice backup in case you run out.
I'm really happy with the Black Ice Heavy picks (1.10 mm), which I bought after being badly disappointed with my last order of Dunlop Jazz IIIs.I would call the Black Ice picks medium sized.  They are roughly the same size and shape as Fender 551 picks, but a little bigger than the Jazz IIIs.  They are stiffer than the 551s and perhaps a touch less stiff than the IIIs (and thinner than the IIIs too).One thing that may account for the nice way the Black Ice perform is that the edges are beveled and smoothly finished in a way which differs from the 551s (which I still like) and from the Jazz IIIs.In terms of playability, they are about the same to me as any other pick of this shape and stiffness.But the most important thing to me is the hardest thing to communicate to you:  The tone.  I love the tone I get with these picks, and the best I can do for you is to say that I was looking for a pick that would generate a solid, mellow jazz tone with an archtop - a tone that reminds me of say, Barney Kessel (but without Barney's chops of coursse).  This is what the Black Ice delivers.
I bought this on a whim. I was pretty satisfied with the extra heavy picks I was using, but wanted something with more grip. These picks have a logo and the company name molded in, which gives purchase to you pickin fingers to hold on to the pick. This seems to be a perfect thickness for some of my guitars that have silk and steel strings. With the xtra heavy picks I was losing what little treble these strings had. With this little purple wonder I got my treble back and still had great control for playing fast or playing hard.I like them so much I bought another hundred just in case the purple pick monster eats all my other picks.Its a great pick, its delrin or whatever(delflex) generic name they give it to avoid trademark issues, but its the best plastic for picks in my book. The tone is superb and the ease of holding is wonderful. I keep a couple of these in all my guitar cases.I recommend these if you enjoy playing guitar or just enjoy owning things that are purple colored. They don't taste like grapes however.
The Planet Waves 1FRD1-25 25 Standard Delflex Guitar Picks sound very good and easier to hold on to. They are very durable. I have always been happy with the Planet Waves products.
These are great picks, and YES, they are slippery.The reason is the material, and method of manufacturing:Delflex polymer picks are injection molded with a blend of acetyl, making them extremely durable and bright sounding. Unlike stamped picks, which are manufactured from sheet film and can have a different feel when rotated, injection molded picks have the same flexibility in all directions.These are probably the brightest sounding picks I have ever used, and it is well worth gettingused to hanging on to them.I use the 61MM for 10's on my solid body electrics, 76mm for my 11's on semi and hollow bodies,and 1.04mm on my Bass guitar; that's right, I use a plectrum on my Bass.You can get a pick that is easier to hang on to, but you may give away some of that bright snap to a softer to hang on to material like Nylon.
I liked these a lot. For the price they work very well, and I am very happy that I bought them. I got a couple of those straight-coupler things, but really their use is quite limited because input jack heights on different effects pedals are rarely the same height so you can't use the straight-couplers. You don't run into that problem with these - they can connect any pedal to any other pedal.
These are very sturdy cables and really work well on my pedalboard. I expect them to last for a long time
I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board.  So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables.
Well made, sturdy, and adequate for use on a pedal board or just to connect various pedals via the traditional way.
These little patch cables have been indispensable since I used them to set up my pedalboard. They're durable and tough, yet provide a high level of flexibility when it comes to using them in tight spaces inbetween effects pedals. I previously had been using some Fender Tweed patch cables, and they just weren't flexible enough, even though they looked cool for days. So if you're looking for a great patch cable for your pedalboard, look no further my friend.
These cords seem to be a hair longer than the conventional pedal-to-pedal cords, which is nice.  They also seem to be quality without bulky.  Some "quality" cords I've purchased in the past were stiff and bulky, when I needed more flexibility.  These cords strike that balance perfectly.Quality and value, so you can't go wrong.UPDATE:I've lowered my 4 star rating down to 3.  Over time, about half of these cords have developed a problem of coming unplugged from the pedal they plugged into, and this seems to be a unique problem with just these cords.  About half have worked great, the other half have this odd little issue.
I've bought a number of these for use on my Pedal board.  They have performed excellent with no failures, noise, or loss of tone.  Recommmended if you don't mind a molded cable.
I use these with my MXR Effects Pedals and they are awesome.  Top Quality.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Sincerely, Doc
It works fine if it will reach your equipment, three more inches would be nice.  If it will reach, it's great.
Right size, well made, and these do the job. I prefer them at 90 degrees, so these are just right.
I bought a bunch of these when I started building my pedal board.They're very inexpensive, but seemingly quite high quality.Tons of bang for your buck.Seemingly no tone loss, no added noise, and no coloration.The right angle ends are a little big and bulky, they may not do so well on a tight and jam packed board.But for average boards they work great!I gig and record with these. Great product!Only negative check b/c the ends are too bulky.
I bought a second pair of these. All I gotta say is that they do their job for a good price. Good stuff.
With how small pedals are getting the plug ends are bulky - even for a right angle - but they still sound good.
I have a real problem with these patch cables.  I got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  Most problematic is the connection between my EHX memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust.
nice to get these for ur effects , they are great product , and does exactly what they supposed to, connect Ur pedals,,,great cable , short and useful, also quiet
They are cheap when bought in the 3 pack and they are very quiet. I need to order a couple more packs though!
If you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. Very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, I'll use these again and again
Planet Waves has built its company making affordably priced accessories and these patch cables are no exception. I bought these at a local Guitar Center for about the same price. The thickness and connectors seems to hold up well although I may look for a slimmer alternative soon as some other reviewers have stated also that the connector ends are a bit large and could become difficult to work with in smaller or crowded pedalboards.
These help remove a lot of the clutter from the pedal board.  They snap in the way they should and appear to be of good quality.  Just what I'd expect from the company.
I bought these to chain together some effects pedals for my guitar. They work very well. I don't do too much recording or gigging though, so I'm not sure how well they would work for those activities. But as for as practicing and just messing around at home, these work quite well and you can't beat the price. I've never had them short out and never experienced any humming or noise distortion. I definitely recommend these for anyone looking to chain some pedals together.
Its quality for a small price, good if you are looking for a budget wires.  Overall it is good to buy
I purchased these for my little pedal board "The stepping stone".THese are very well made with the heads well secured. The plastic is thick and of a nice material.The cables come with a massive 5 year warranty so I'm sure they're not going bad anytime soon.Buy with confidence.
Great price and quality.  It is nice to not have to connect two pedals 6 inches away with a 10' cable.
No cable noise, works well with pedals that don't play nice with other right-angle plugs (like the original line of Aguilar pedals). Great little product, and I would buy them again.
This is a really good patch cable. Fits into different brand of pedals well and is really flexible with out feeling like its cheap. I was able to weave it in and out of the Pedaltrain Pro no problem. In fact I've order 4 more sets of these for the rest of my pedals. Highly recommended.
for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet.  Nice value as well.
Great for linking close-quarter effect pedals. No noise and very durable. Great product for the price. I would recommend buying.
they connect my pedals and with very little signal kill. good buy for the price and nothing else is required. good quality with sealed connectors.
Needed patch cables for my pedal board.  They did what I expected them to do.  Not to bulky, and the right angle plugs save space.
I bought this planet wave cables because i have a Electro Harmonix OD Glove and a Line 6 M5, so i needed a small cable for both pedals. I highly recomend this model of cables, really works good with pedals and others.
Great for beginners and experts. The sound is great and is easy on the fingers.  I got them recommended by a friend
I like purchasing the 3 pack because I have multiple guitars and these were replacement strings.  You can't beat the price.  I have started purchasing a lot of my guitar supplies this way.
Nice light set of strings allows easy fingering allowing for longer play/practice periods and less finger fatigue. I would recommend these for anyone who likes the light and lively sound of an acoustic. especially good for beginners.
I've been trying out different picks for a few weeks now looking for the perfect one for hybrid picking. So far this is the one and I think my search is actually over. I've tried theJim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz Iii Ply Pkand that was close but this is the one. These Davas have a great feel in my bigger fingers, doesn't slip around at all and is very sharp and fast on alternate and hybrid picking. Pick noise has also been reduced because there is much less friction than with most others; the notes ring out very clearly even on fast runs.
I've used Dunlop Jazz III's for years but always had a problem when it came to a song that required a lot of strumming. The DAVA changes that for me. Not only does it allow for accurate picking, but it also allows you to strum when needed - just roll your thumb back a little (works great). I've been using this pick for about 2 months now and have not gone back to any of my other picks. A definite 5 star for being my favorite new pick!!! You won't be dissapointed!!!
Have been a user of Jazz III picks lately (Max Grip version:Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks - 6 Pack) but was having some difficulty with those picks during rhythmic sections that required lots of strumming.Was recommended to these picks by other users so I gave them a shot. A few of my notes:- This pick is very slightly bigger than the Jazz iiis i linked above. I like this a lot. The tip is almost exactly the same size, but the top grip area is ever so slightly bigger. Still, these picks are significantly smaller than your "average" size pick.- The rubber grip area is a joy to hold. Very comfortable, very stable, lots of grip- If you didn't know, Dava picks dont come in varying thickness. They are instead "control" picks. Meaning depending on where you grip the pick it will become more or less rigid. Look at the picture --- see those three horizontal lines in the middle of the pick? Those are reference markers --- choke up on the pick (lowest line near the tip) for leads and pull back for more flexible strumming. This will take me some time to get used to but it is pretty nice in theory. However, even choking up on the pick, it is not as rigid as the jazz iiis and sometimes for fast work I was wishing I was still holding the jazz iii.- These Dava Jazz come in three colors: Red (Delrin material), Yellow (Nylon material), Orange (Gel). Different materials produce different sounds/feels. Also, in my opinion, the gel is a little harder than the other two.Hope this review helped
Title says it all I guess, it gives you the small pick feeling without the thickness (that I'm not crazy about in Dunlops), and the traction is certainly better in my oversweating hands. Bought these 3 months ago and I've got to say they're very durable too, certainly more so than the small-pick alternatives I tried.
These picks have a good grip.  They're pointy, so they're good for fast picking.  They're very small, about the size of a nickle, so you've been warned.  As with other Dava picks, they wear out pretty quickly.  That's the price you pay for a flexible pick I guess.
A very nice pick, both in feel, texture and design. I picked it up and started strumming and immediately felt something different - something smoother and more comfortable, more natural. I'm very satisfied with this pick! There's a cheeky little message on the label, &#34;Warning: may improve your playing&#34; and that's no joke! Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like this one the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but I'd say that I like this one the best of the three (they're all good, though - I'd rate the 427P3 next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that).One complaint - they sent mine in a bloody great big oversized padded envelope suitable for CDs. Kind of overkill, if you ask me, for only six picks, but I shouldn't complain - they arrived in great condition!!!
4 stars because I've only used it in stereo mode and Stamina mode. Stamina Mode is supposed to run for 11 hours. Perhaps it does, but if so, it can only be when it is turned on and maybe not even in record mode. No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. If not for that, I'd have rated 4 stars. In terms of clarity, flat response and transparency, it is excellent. The Auto Rec level is very smooth and doesn't sound as if has been severely limited and squashed. At rehearsals, before the whole band kicks in, the levels are quite loud, but it comes down quickly and smoothly. In terms of the other features, I cannot comment.
Pros:1) records excellent audio through built in mics2) records excellent audio through all the inputs and is very portable and versatile.3) I love the 4 track ability and the effects built in to the device.  I can record multiple things in less time especially when I'm just messing around to get a feel for a song4) comes with a memory card and batteries so it was ready to go out of the box.Cons:1) battery life is weak2) built in mics have to be placed very well so not to pick up other noises and only what you want.
Yes!!!! finally...after reading endless tons of reviews on several types of recorders I hit the nail!!!! Ok..I play in a really LOUD metal band...none of us are record savvy or anything like that...we just want to rehearse and rock the hell out. But we needed a tool to catch band practices and of course remember "that riff" for the next rehearsal. We tried various recorders but always to complicated for just a practice, well the ZOOM H4N changed everything. Simple to use and the quality of the recordings are just....well INCREDIBLE...for such a little thing...no distortion of any kind (just be careful where you place it). I still need to read a lot of the users manual...but take my word...I hate those manuals...I figure how to use it (extremely basic) and just hit the REC button and rock out. Finally when I came back home I plug it into my pc and I was amazed by the quality of the sound...we recorded in 4CH mode with two extra mics...and man....I havent even tried the multi channel mode yet!!!thanks ZOOM...now rocking and basic recording it's how it's supposse to be....SIMPLE AND FUN.cheers!!!
I own both the H1 and H4n and I love them both. The H4n is a great versatile field recorder. I mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. The H4n is a work horse. It has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. I highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. I had this happen once. If this happens to you, don't worry. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. I had it shipped off and back in 7 days.All in all the H4n is a great field recorder. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 Chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two XLR inputs at the same time. In some cases I also use a small 4 Channel Behringer field mixer if I have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. Running straight from the mixer outputs to the H4n works perfectly.I do suggest some accessories when using the H4n. As I said earlier, purchase a "furry head" wind screen. I use the furry head wind screens every time I record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. I only use 32gb Sandisk SD cards because Sandisk is dependable, I have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. I record at 48K @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. This allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case I forget to transfer the audio files along with video when I edit. I also suggest having a DI box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. I have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a DI Box from venue mixers. This has to do with a balance and padding that I am just not going to get into but trust me, a DI box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. I also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. Always be prepared. I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.I do not regret this purchase at all. The H4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. I highly recommend purchasing one.
Although the big push these days by Samson/Zoom is on behalf of their latest entry, the pint-sized H1, the H2 is still outselling it.  Perhaps for good reason.  Amazon's price has the H2 going for less than a 50% mark-up from the H1, yet only the H2 offers a sound stage as wide as 360 degrees and is almost as portable and easy to slip into a pocket as the H1.  The latter offers the now popular X/Z mic configuration, but they're "fixed" mics. if you wanted to ensure the widest separation, you'd be unable to aim the mics in opposing directions.  Also, the H2 can be set down on a flat surface more securely and is less sensitive to microphonics from touching any part of the machine.  I've owned both machines and have found the construction quality wanting, the SD door broke loose on the HD2, and the on-off switch came loose on the H1.  Both are somewhat tricky to operate, with settings that are not visible in dark places and which nonetheless require agile, accurate, and quick, small fingers.  (Some users are bound to react negatively to the minuscule size of the H1's micro-SDHC storage cards.)  Both are capable of full-bodied, full frequencied high-fidelity audio, but you have to remember to treat them gently.The Zoom Q3 video recorder strikes me as the best built of the bunch, as it's solid metal practically through and through, and the limited settings make it easier to use than either the H1 or H2.  However, I found it impractical to use at a concert where where the included video component distracted the listeners behind me.  Also, with its size and bright-blue color it's anything but a stealth machine.This brings us to the 4th (and most expensive) Zoom, the H4n.  It's the most versatile of the Zooms, not only permitting movement of the mics but the addition of external mics for authentic mixing.  Still, the build quality is not notably superior to the H2, and of the 4 Zooms, it's the fussiest, intended for a user whose willing to take some time to become familiar with its versatile learning curve.  After less than satisfying experiences with the first 3 Zooms, I sent the H4n back in favor of the Sony PCM-50, which is constructed like a Hummer compared to the plastic of the Zooms.  I see that Amazon's description of the Sony is misleading, since the PCM-50 will NOT permit the user to record in MP3 format.  WAV is the only format it offers, which simplifies the recording process, allowing the user to select file size with the software program used during the editing process.  (The only down side is the limited duration of WAV, requiring the user to employ a Sony Sound Stick in addition to the built-in storage.)
Great Recorder on so many levels.I use it for external audio recording for DSLR video.I was surprised by the quality of the built in stereo mics.Dinged it one star because the display and menu system is terrible.Not intuitive and too many steps to get into changing or checking some basic functions.Something I will have to get used to.
The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Now your guitar can sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
I've stayed away from multi-effect pedals for years, because I spent more time messing with it, then playing guitar. I could never get the levels right. The Boss ME-70 is easy to use. It sounds great. 72 patches in all. My current band does not even play that many songs.
I'm a professional musician, playing 6-8 times a month.  This pedal does far more than I need it to do and has plenty of options for an avid guitarist that likes to figure out all the bells and whistles.  I really like the 38 second looping function.....that's plenty of time to get through some lengthy phrases, and it allow you to layer the loops so you can really get creative.  Don't forget to order the external power supply - I would have happily paid a little extra money to have it included....not sure why it's not.  Double A batteries last a longer time than I expected they would.  I haven't had a chance to play with customizing patches, etc, but I'm sure that I'll be pleased with what it has to offer.
Excellent Multi-Effect, great sounds, the distortions are really great. Modulation and Delays rocks, they sound good. Like always, Boss products are just amazing.
As an "Old School" Guitarist introducing new gear into my rig always makes me nervous. With a somewhat massive pedal board filled with individual Boss pedals which is often too large for some of the venues my band gigs at & definitely too large for our practice studio (and a bit too heavy to lug around).I researched every multi-effect unit on the market today & decided the ME-70 was the best way to go for me mainly for the "Manual" settings. When I received the unit, it came out of the box ready to go (other than installing batteries) and worked exactly like I had my "rig" shrunk down into a rugged small package.COSM- With the amp simulation & Pre-Amp portion I don't need to carry an amplifier any longer because this unit has the ability to clone my coveted tube amp collection with the twist of a knob.Effects- Boss is "THE BOSS" of effect pedals in my opinion... this unit combines everything I need & then some in a single unit with the ability of individual tweaking. I do not venture into the unit's ability to remember settings because every venue I gig at has different acoustics & constant tweaking is required to achieved the tones I want to hear.
I purchased this mic to use for screencasts (recording what's happening on my PC's screen while I talk about it).  I set it up to sit on my desktop, approximately 2' away from me and usedCamtasia Studio 8 [Download] and a free program called CamStudio to test it out.  Both programs worked well with the mic and did what I'd hoped it would do - eliminated my need for a clunky, wired mic headset.The build quality of the mic seems excellent, and the compact design is fantastic!  I love that it comes with its own carrying case and that it can be on a desktop or clipped to a laptop's monitor.KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer.  You get 30 days to register it.  I installed it and registered it immediately, but it would not allow me to put in my registration code, saying I wasn't the system administrator.  I am, and my Windows 7 PC says I am, but alas, it wouldn't work.  This software is optional, but I decided to install it prior to the microphone (per instructions) to try it out.  Eventually I ended up uninstalling it.Soon after installing Cakewalk, I had a PC issue: muffled audio recording.  No amount of system tweaking seemed to fix it.  I was stumped.Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic.  The generic ones installed were from 2010.  No luck.I began reading online about 'muffled audio' on Windows 7 PCs.  Somewhere I noticed a name I recognized: RealTek, which was a name associated with my speakers on my PC (RealTek digital audio).  I went to the RealTek site and noted updated drivers for Windows 7 64-bit (2012), and decided to download and install them.  I rebooted my PC and tested out the audio recording once more. Much to my delight, this solved the muffled audio problem!I did set the bitrate to the highest level for the best sound quality recording.  Afterwards I tested out the mic using Camtasia and CamStudio, both worked beautifully with the Samson Go Mic!On my desk at a distance of about 2.5', this mic pics up my voice perfectly for dictation and screencasts.  No hiss, hum, breath noises or distortion.  Very clear and with the properly installed drivers for my audio - works perfectly with the USB 2.0 connection on my powered USB hub.CONCLUSION: BUY IT FOR GREAT RECORDINGSThis mic is a truly great if it's recognized and properly configured by your system.  Impressively clear recordings, unlike any I've been able to obtain using aPlantronics .Audio 655 USB Multimedia Headsetor the mic on myMicrosoft LifeCam Cinema 720p HD Webcam - Black.For the price, I don't think you can do better.  It's compact, has great voice pick-up and audio recording clarity. Installation issues may occur, but updating audio drivers, using a powered USB hub connection and tweaking audio settings within the operating system should give you the quality you've been hoping for at a price that's right.UPDATE: 12/30/13Been using this mic consistently for a couple months and I'm liking it.  It's a condenser mic, and doesn't filter out ambient noise as well as I'd like, however for an under forty dollar purchase - I'm still very happy with it. Cakewalk never has registered correctly with my system so I uninstalled it.  I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase.
I purchased one of these about 6 months ago for my partner who is a musician because we had no recording equipment in the house. We didn't really expect much except a quick way to record ideas.It's simple, easy to use and has outstanding quality of sound. We've used it to record acoustic guitar and vocals with surprisingly good fidelity. We've recorded whole ensemble practice sessions with the mic which it's really not designed for and still had reasonable results. Our friends who are musicians ( and even an audio engineer) are quite surprised and impressed with the quality of sound we get.I've even ordered a second mic for my computer to use with skype.To sum it up, this mic is cheap, easy to use, portable and with fidelity that will surprise you but don't expect it to be a full home recording studio :)
The mic does exactly what I wanted it to do.  The mic has a headphone jack.  Having the headphone jack is essential to making quality recordings. Also, I like having the two polar patterns, switchable from cardioid to omni.I did have to back off a bit in proximity to the mic, as my voice is powerful.  Once, I got the hang of it I had no problems.I did find the bundled Cakewalk software useless.  Please refer to my review of" Cakewalk Music Creator 6" here on amazon.com.  It works great with my new "Acoustica Mixcraft 5 Audio MIDI Music Recording Software V 5."Overall, this is an awesome product.
This mic works great for recording vocals on my Mac using Garage Band.  I also wanted to use it on my Xbox 360 to play Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but it's not recognized by either game as a mic.  That was surprising since it's a USB mic.  It is a tiny mic; it'll fit completely on your palm, but it can record very loud noises very clearly. It is also very sensitive when set to room recording. Excellent product.
Having misplaced my Blue Snowflake USB mic, I decided to give this recently introduced, competitively priced USB mic from Samson a try.  (Samson is maker of the highly popular and effective Zoom personal digital recorders--the H2 and the H4n.)  It's an attractive, fully outfitted piece of equipment, with handsome packaging (a small black box and zippered carrying case with aesthetics apparently inspired by iPod).  It's smaller and lighter than the Snowflake--more diminutive than the picture would suggest.  Yet the audio quality strikes me as being somewhat warmer and richer, favoring the bass frequencies of spoken narration more than the Snowflake, which has slightly cleaner and clearer definition at the treble end.The Samson Go was seen instantly by my iMac, and recording was as advertised: "Plug n' Play."  The mic is somewhat more sophisticated than the Snowflake in terms of "latency" settings (it permits direct monitoring via headphones connected to the mic to insure no delay, or lag time, between transmission and reception), and there's a three-way switch for directional patterns (the manual could be clearer, however, about the difference between "cardioid" and "cardioid 10 pad.")  No matter. The mic performed virtually flawlessly right out of the box, with no tampering with the switch.It's extremely sensitive, slightly more so than the Snowflake.  Yet I was unable to avoid the "P" popping sounds, regardless of how close I got to the mic and muted my consonants.  So be prepared for the addition of some sort of "pop filter" device (either one sold on Amazon or a self-designed one, using a nylon stocking).The mic can be clipped to the top of a computer screen or mounted on a mic stand (using a supplied adapter or ordering a properly sized one from Samson).  Yet with its heavy base plus the flexible, tilting mic, it can be placed on a flat surface--much like the Snowflake, but with greater stability and without any intrusive cable.  (The Snowflake tends to "flop around," requiring some balancing of the device by the user.)My biggest disappointment thus far is that the clip, as alluded to by another reviewer, does not open far enough for attachment to a desk-top computer (it should be an ideal fit with most notebook machines).  Although the Snowflake doesn't use a spring clip, it suffers from the same limitation.  If you're especially concerned about durability, the Snowflake appears to be the heavier, more rugged mic, with thick metal and no tiny switches or spring clips to wear out.  The Samson is the more delicate and refined of the two.  But don't kid yourself.  Either mic will exceed the capabilities of your computer's built-in mic and perhaps the owner's expectations. On the other hand, neither is a match for the Shure SM7B that I'm accustomed to using at a local broadcasting studio.  Still, Samson would appear to have a winner with this little wonder, whether it's used in conjunction with a computer to record full-frequencied music or "realistic"-sounding narration.
this mic is perfect it gets the job done sounds clear has settings on it clamps on your lap top
Works good.good buy
I'm loving this pop filter! It looks professional in design, and feels very sturdy on the mic stand. The built in shock mount is definitely a plus. I like it because some beginners try to grab the mic in the studio when recording vocals. This immediately let's them know to just speak into the microphone. Also offers the option of removing the pop screen if you want. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. Simply THE BOMB!!!!!
Believe it or not, I've yet to use this screen. I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. I've yet to use that mic again. Go figure. But I love the way screen and mount look? I know. So esoteric. But I'm still giving it 5 stars. Thanks again Amazon.
It's no better or worse than a tripod stand at twice the cost. this is a good deal! Note: it does not come with a microphone clip so you will have to buy one.
i got this stand and it simply works and look awesome, exactly what i was looking for, and for the price i can not get a better deal.totally satisfied!
As soon as I attached my mic, and with my strong hands, I over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand.  I think I can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands I've had in the past.  Sincerely, DocAfter a few months of trying to make it work.  It doesn't.  I changed my rating from 3 to 1  This puppy is just poor quality.
For the price, this stand cant be beat. You got a mic? You need a boom stand? here you go. Does the job.
It was cheap. It's not put together well, so don't plan on taking this thing on the road. Also, on mine the boom arm is very difficult to extend, but as it will staying in one location for most of it's service life it'll do.
These mic stands worked perfectly.  The fold down pretty small so you could fit a couple of them in most travel bags.  Easy to adjust.
I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it.I sent it back without hesitation.
I bought many professional mic stands through the years, before this item, and I can not tell the difference. Well built, made to last, and looks great. I highly recommend this item.
These are pretty good quality tweed cables.  I prefer the tweed, they seem not to tangle as easy and they are usually very easy to identify at gigs.  They also make one with the 90 degree 1/4 inch input as well.
Very well made cable but I had to return it for a longer one of the same as this was a little to short, but very well made .
Let me say this is a a great cable in every aspect.First, it works extremely well.  No popping or clicking at all.  Very flexible but solid feel to it.  It looks better in person than in the pic too.  And with the lifetime guarantee, you really can't go wrong here.
This a great instrument cable. If all you have ever used have been rubber covered try this one. The fabric cover eliminates the knots and twists of &#34;regular&#34; cables.
This is one great looking cable. I purchased this cable December 2010 and it is still working well and stilllooks good. And as Fernando Lamas says, "it is better to look good than to feel good". Well, not when itcomes to cables.This cable is 20 AWG, with an "Ultra-Pure Copper Center Conductor" and 100% copper and conductivepolymer shield. You want a good shield if you are going to be playing loud. Helps keep those ugly micro-phonics away and you want that big time.The capacitance of this cable according to the manufacturer is 39 pF/ft. This is the one spec you wantto pay attention to when buying instrument cables. The lower the number, the least resistance whichresults in a higher performing cable.Out of this cable expect a more corpulent sound and beefy output. It seems the lows and mids are hugeand the highs are very nice indeed. This seems to be a very nicely balanced cable for the money.This cable comes in other colors in the braided cover style. They look terrific but I find this "Fatso" muchharder to coil than the thinner Spectraflex 'Vintage' this company makes. The bulkiness of this cabledoesn't seem to lend itself to easy coiling. It also seems to become twisted a lot easier and thus harderto straighten out and coil for storage. The easiest of my cables to coil, by the way, is the Lava Cable,"Magma", which only has a black rubber jacket and is a dream to coil. If I were to need more cable, quitehonestly I would buy the Lava. Pretty doesn't count for much with me.I gave this cable 4 stars because of its very good sound, is well constructed, has excellent shrunk rubbercovering the plugs, looks darn marvelous, and has about average specs for the money. Yet, difficulty incoiling for storage makes it a bit of a pain in the arse to deal with on a nightly basis.If you want a beautiful, well made cable that you don't have to put away every day buy this one.
For many years I've been playing with Proel and &#34;Fender&#34; cables... until I start having problems with guitar jacks and connection efficiency. This guys put an end to the problem with high quality components. Best of all, Warranty For Life... or maybe longer.
This is my first experience with a "high end" guitar cord after playing for longer than I'd like to admit.  For many years i've been playing with any old shielded solid core cord without regard for much besides price.  In prep for an upcoming gig, I bought 2 Spectraflex Fatso 18' right angle cords.  I find them to be very well made, with shrink tubing sealed strain reliefs at the high quality plugs, thick and heavy duty cabling (but not too think nor too heavy), and best of all, very quiet, presumably because of superior shielding.  They were what I consider expensive (about $38 each), but for me, well worth the price, and considerably less than many other high end cables I found and read about.  I imagine that they will last for years.  I think I will eventually replace all my dozen or so cords of various lengths with these.J.M. Tepper
This cable has a very cool vintage look and a perfect, clean sound. Absolutely love this! This is definitely recommendable.
The surprise here is how they traded a little bit of diameter (the Fatso part) for incredible flexibility (the other F-part).  Looks great, no noticeable noise or signal loss.  A really nice change from stiff skinny rubber cords!
I am really liking the size of this board. I have a Line6 G50 wireless, Korg Pitchblack+, Xotic EP booster and Xotic SP compressor and they all fit very nicely. The board itself is very sturdy steel with good welds and nice straight angles. The case is also really well made- good zippers and stitching.  I'd buy this again in a heartbeat.
I only had this board for a day, after realizing it was a tab too narrow for the pedal setup I wanted to create on it. I do have to say though, Pedaltrain makes rock solid products. Sure, you could probably fashion your own pedalboard, but why bother? This thing has a great finish that will make your pedal array look pro.
I'm not on tour with any group.  I play for church, and every couple of weeks for a local nursing home (with other musicians willing to give their time) plus an occasional 'gig' for a town celebration or some such activity.  I've got a few sound effects pedals and processors I like using, but not enough to warrant buying your typical pedal board that holds 6 or more such devices and takes up a lot of trunk space in the car.  This 'mini' PedalTrain easily holds four of my favorite devices, it is built for extreme durability without being too heavy, etc.  The case is awesome, too.... heavy duty,...good stuff.  The board came with velcro, tie wraps, power head, etc to mount and use your devices.  I had it up and running in a few minutes,...and it makes my travel-and-play experiences easy, without looking for a 'roadie' to get help.  The angle of the mounting surface of the board relative to floor surface is perfect.  Clearances for passing the wiring through from device to device is also perfect.  Since I first got it, I've 'rearranged' once already.  Talk about easy.  You'll be glad to have your sound effects mounted, wired, and movable as a unit so as to reduce setup time and the wear/tear on wires from just handling.
I love pedal trains because they are lightweight, come with a case and are easy to work with.  If pedaltrain asked me my opinion I would say that they needed to raise the back up about 1-2&#34; to allow for power brinc underneath and to aid in angle of use, but other than that, its a pedaltrain...nuff said!
This pedalboard is very solid, durable, and easy to pack in their soft case - which I love especially because it makes my pedalboard and some extras much easier to carry to and from gigs. There is space below the pedalboard for cables to run and the velco and glue they provide to keep the pedals on the board are very reliable. The MINI is the perfect size for me but overall I've been very pleased with Pedaltrain in general.
I know the kind of person I am - If I buy a big pedal board, I'll have to spend hundreds of dollars to fill it up with great effects. Buy a smaller board and I can be selective in the pedals I buy and save $$ by not trying to fill it. Hence, the purchase of the Pedaltrain Mini.This board will fit approx 5 pedals and a power supply. When I initially purchased it, I was hoping that I could fit the power supply under the board, but I tried a few small power units from Guitar Center and none would fit and allow the board to lay flush. I should probably ding one star for this and it would be a great improvement if pedaltrain would just raise the board about 1/8" to allow for the power to be mounted under the board.The unit is VERY sturdy and ships with velcro to secure pedals to the top. The velcro feels like it's military grade and does a great job of securing the pedals. It's light, easy to carry, and I can grab the case in one hand, with my guitar in the same hand, and carry my amp with the other hand (only one trip from the car to the gig).Overall, this is a great board. I currently have a looper, overdrive, distortion, echo and tuner on my unit. I've added a photo of my board.
What a nice product. Rugged and well made. The supplied velcro makes it easy to change pedals for various gigs.I was able to build a pedal board with a tuner, delay, distortion and a two button amp channel switcher with room to spare. It looks very neat and tidy. Using George L's makes it look even better.I will buy one of these again. These things rock!** EDIT - 10-25-2012 **Still a great little board but I found Power Grip Pedal Board Velcro - this board that the new velcro make this an unstopable unit.
I have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but I have also wanted to learn the Ukulele for quite some time. As I had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, I looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether I would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.Upon receiving this item, I tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords I learned. The Uke sounded acceptable, but I was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. Also at first (as I expected), the Ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.Of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. I have now ordered some Aquila strings from Amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. I bought theAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele Strings. I am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when I eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which I expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) To be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't *too* bad so I may wait a while to install the Aquilla strings until I can play more competently and get the benefit of them!As far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed. The paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. The unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.For the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. I'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. I really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great.
This is a great little uke for the money... I've bought them for my kids and quite a few for gifts... As many have noted, tuning stability improves GREATLY after the strings stretch in... One suggestion - If you're willing to add a 4-7 bucks to the purchase price, buy a set of D'Addario or Aquila strings and put them on right away... The stock strings are pretty poor, even a set of 4 dollar strings is a vast improvement. Other than that, I love these little guys, and plan to keep on buying them... Finally, if you buy this (or any other uke) do yourself a favor and watch the movie "Mighty Uke"... You won't stop smiling...D'Addario J65 Ukulele Strings, SopranoAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele StringsMighty Uke: The Amazing Comeback of a Musical Underdog
My kids are all interested in learning the Uke.  This one really appealed to my son because of the front design.  Plays well and keeps in tune.
I guess I did not expect much, since it was so cheap. Just know that you get what you pay for when you buy this. I got it for my son, and he wasn't impressed. Does not have good sound, but hey...if you're just wanting a toy, go for it.
not high quality, but has cut dolphin detailing on the tuners, just as described, works like it should, good or begginers
Bought this for my bass playing step son,  dont know if he uses it but I loved the green,,  I have two, a soprano and tenor  ( Larger ) cant play for crap, but liked the look.
For $120 you get virtually every effect in the book.ProsTuner works wellAbility to adjust presets on the computerClean sounds are great - especially the reverb. When spring reverb is used with the '65 Fender Twin amp model you can get a really great sounding drip, much better than you'd expect. Delay and chorus are also pretty good.Downloadable presets on the internetConsDistortions and overdrives are pretty meh. Nothing as good as even a DS-1 pedal. Nothing in the same league as a good solid state amp overdrive. And nothing in the same universe as a good tube overdrive.No permanent preset. In other words, it'd be great to have a clean channel that you could double tap to from any other preset. No dice, so you have to program the same sound into multiple preset slots. That makes what seems like a lot (60 slots) get filled up pretty fast.In the end, it's definitely worth the $120 I spent on it. I recommend this if you're in the market for one.
Not the best pedal out there, but for the price...it's pretty freakin' awesome!  Love the 20 second looper and the ability to turn wah on and off by depressing the volume pedal all the way forward.  Solid sounds and cabinets!
So the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it.  I've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time I play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)The unit itself has held up well.  No problems with case or pedals.  All switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine.  It doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor.  It's low profile and is easy to switch by foot.  I have it going into my mixer which works fine.  No feedback or buzz from it.I like the recording software, Cubase, that came with it.  I didn't think I'd use it much but I do.  It's fun and easy to record my own songs.  Cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but I've learned nothing happens and it's fine.I don't use the looper much as I have it before my Digitech Jam Man.  Which, if you don't have, you need it!  The drum presets are fun to use.  It's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it.  Isn't that what it's all about?My two gripes are the tuner and clean presets.  The tuner is not very accurate and I use a cheapo tuner that works much better.  Also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't.  Some flaw I guess.  Also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak.  I don't like them at all.  The distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone.  They rock.  I use alot of the other ones as well.IMHO this the "must have" addition to your set up.  It's not for professional use...but when I turn pro I'll get something better.
I gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. Also there are  many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. The sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.I am looking into a Boss ME-25 instead,
Any product that can make an intermediate-level player like me sound like a pro is a sound investment. The RP255 is an amazing processor loaded with features (looper, drum machine, tuner) and dozens of cool pre-sets ("Greasr" is my favorite). You can customize your own sounds but I still haven't gotten tired of Digitech's choices. The AC adaptor (included) allows for hours of rockin' fun. I live in a condo, so the headphone jack is essential. I run my iPod through the unit and play along to my favorite tunes - sweet! The control settings can be a little daunting at first, but the owner's manual will walk you through the tough stuff. Bottom line: a great toy.
Unit is sturdy. Lots of good presets and capabilities. Works with down-loadable X-Edit software. That gets confusing a bit because the unit displays one thing, the computer screen another. I haven't mastered it yet and after a month am just knocking about and settling on sounds that are acceptable but far from ideal. I've see much easier software that puts all effects on screen as stomp box graphics and you build a sound. With the X-Edit you call up a canned sound and start changing it. The interface does not match the RP 255 and has a lot more provisions. The thing is, they get to be a bit overwhelming, at least to me. I got this for Christmas and would shop around a lot more. Perhaps I wind up choosing this but so far, eh. For one thing, plugging headphones into it, the output isn't as loud as I'd like. I kinda demands output to another device/mixer/amp if you want to play loud.
I used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... However, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an XLR cable tester.I didn't believe it myself...I read another reviewer had an issue with XLR cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. So I took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.I got through only 4 monoprice cables before I found one that was miss-wired. Now I will be checking all of them for sure.Not a good start though.Glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.I suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. The testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of.
I use this cable to run from the balanced XLR outs on my digital piano to the balanced TRS inputs of my audio interface.  It works perfectly and there is plenty of length in it.  I am happy with the build quality and would recommend this to anyone.
I use these cables in my home, hooked up from my audio interface to my monitors. They appear to be very well built and sound just fine. I have had them for several months and they are working perfectly. Highly recommended for the price.
The coversion cable didnt work. t is  axlr to UBS cable. I have the red  blinking light syndrome also. But I learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for Send it back. So izm Thanks HDE for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else.........
I wanted to use these cables for my acoustic/electric guitar.  They are a little short for that appicaton (my fault though).  They seem to be built well but I'd say in comparison to other cables I've used for my applicaiton, the sound is average.  These will work in many applications and might be satisfactory to most.  If you are a performing musician, you would do better to look at higher quality cables for best sound quality and lowest noise.
This stand, after I finally figured out how to attach it so that it didn't interfere with the boom on my mic stand, works okay.  Due to its heaviness, it does hold a good size amount of music;  however, it is short, width-wise, so you can't really get an open notebook to stay in place.  (at least not with the ,mic boom there).  Heavy to travel with also, so I don't know how much I'll use it.
I use this small stand in my vocal isolation booth to hold the iPad that remotely controls my audio software via the Splashtop app. Very secure, effective clamp that connects to a vertical pipe. I covered with thin carpet to reduce reflection, and I find that it holds my iPad securely. I highly recommend.
I bought this stand after trying two others that didn't work well. This one is very adjustable and stays put. I use this in my home studio and I can place it so it comes up right under my mic boom just off to the side of microphone so when you are doing a vocal you don't have to look down or move you head away from the mic. I'll be buying two more.
I ordered two of these, one to hold music, and one to hold a netbook computer. I am very happy with how it performs in both situations. High quality, solid support, and good design decisions all around. The angle adjustment is very solid and it should be able to hold a very heavy book of music or a medium sized computer.The arm is just long enough that if turn the platform sideways, you can lean the music stand back next to the mic stand that it is attached to. I will try to add pictures when I get a chance.This is really two products that work together: a short boom arm with a mic attachment, and a narrow music stand that mounts onto a standard microphone thread base. I am using one stand attached to a mic stand, and a second with the arm removed, mounted directly onto a &#34;Gibraltar Multi-Mount Microphone Clamp&#34;. Major bonus points for making a solid piece of gear that is also modular and flexible.Note: the music stand easily detaches from the adjustable-angle part for storage. This is great, but be aware that the lock nut does not do a good job of &#34;locking&#34;, so if you turn the stand upside down, the it will fall off. This could be a problem if you experience frequent random gravity fluctuations.Final verdict: I own two, and am considering buying one of the full-width (MUS-ARM 2) models also.
This gig bag was just what I needed to carry around a soprano ukelele. It has a strap for slinging the instrument over your shoulder when in the gig bag, padding, and a pocket in the front for your tuner.  The zipper is strong enough and it was just what I needed to carry around the ukelele to keep it protected while in transit.
This gig bag is well worth the price.  It replaced the cheesy gig back I received with my soprano ukulele, and I have much more faith that my instrument will be much safer now.  It has extra padding on the bottom for when the uke is standing up, and has a pocket in the front for tuners and other small odds and ends.  Get this gig bag!
If you are looking for a good quality inexpensive case, this is a very good choice.  It has a durable feel to it. It has a handle and a removable strap as well as a zippered slot on the outside for accessories.  It works very well.
I ordered this product to review for possible use by members of my senior adult choir at church.  It was ordered with a little trepidation after reading some of the previous reviews.  I found it to be excellent for the price and so far, have had no problems with the zippers.This product is described as a "Soprano Ukulele Gig Bag" and that is exactly what it is.  A "gig bag" is *not* a rigid FAA-approved flight case, nor is it a semi-rigid polystyrene "case" with soft covering.  Reviewers that don't believe this is sufficiently padded are looking for something other than a "gig bag" and don't understand the term.  You wouldn't put your reading glasses in a soft, padded case and expect to be able to sit on them would you?I don't know if some other reviewers tried to fit concert-sized ukuleles or other larger sizes into this bag, but I found that it fits the soprano size perfectly.  It is *very well padded* for a gig bag, having extra padding at the base of the instrument (where the bottom strap button would be if you have one) to cushion the bottom if you hold it standing on end.  It also has a nicely padded handle.  I received it in a box with other items and it was packaged well.  (Ukulele not included.  They cost a little more than this.)
This is a great padded case that fits my soprano uke just right.  I like to ride my bike and take my uke along. The small size means it fits my panniers just fine.  The thick padding protects the uke from bumps and scrapes.  The larger foam/nylon cases are nice and offer more robust protection but they don't fit into a shopping bag or backpack nearly as well.  Highly recommended for the adventurous uke player.
I have one of these for a Lanikai tenor, and one for a Stagg soprano. The soprano one fits great, even though it's a different brand. Perfect.
This bag was nicer than I expected for the price. Considering that many soprano ukuleles are in the $20 t0 $100 range, a lot of people won't want to buy a hard case for three times the price of this gig bag or for more money than their instrument cost.The case is better padded than I might have expected for the price. Since soprano ukuleles are small and lightweight instruments, it's not clear to me why a hard case would be as important to most people as it might be to somebody evaluating guitar cases, or cases for other larger instruments.If you have a small child who is likely to sit on the instrument or drop it down the stairs constantly, you might want to consider something better. But this should provide adequate protection in general, even from minor falls. For a soft bag, this offers all I would ever need.
I've used both the ES-57 and ES-58 for several years now. They are a fantastic mic, great quality and construction. I love how hefty they are. I've got 6 of these and plan to buy more when needed. I would probably suggest a higher end if you were studio recording but I set up for live sound in and outdoors and these work great. I have several brands (some more expensive) but I always come back to GLS.
This is the equivalent to the Shure SM-57 except for a quarter of the price. The quality is almost the same and in terms of recording they are pretty much the same as well. There allow a more natural sound than the SM57 I believe and are thus a better product!
A great instrument mic using it on bass cabinet, instead of a line out for that real live hit.And the ES-57 is equal to the Shure SM-57 at $60.00 less.
Quality is really outstanding for the price. Sound is clear and crisp. I get a lot of feedback, but I guess that it is not because of the microphone.
I wouldn't be surprised if a big time professional musician might be able to tell the difference between this and the Shure it imitates, but for our amateur purposes it was bad to the bone good.
I bought this to replace my Blue Snowball because I've reached that point where I require something that sounds a little bit more professional than what I was using. Before I begin my review, I'd like to mention that I use this with a Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer with XENYX Preamp (copy and paste that into Amazon's search to find it). So my review is based on this thing being plugged into that thing.Okay, my pros and cons.Pros1. My voice sounds great with this thing. Before I was using a Snowball and my podcast partner told me it sounded like I was in a &#34;chamber&#34;. With this, my voice is strong and clear...and even a little bassy which is nice because I don't have a naturally bassy voice. I'm extremely satisfied with how well this thing makes me sound. It is WORLDS better than USB mics like the Blue Snowball. Worlds better.2. It's heft, heavy, and feels well made. This might be the most expensive-feeling device I own. It's heavy but it in a good way. The materials feel high quality. This feels like a professional microphone.3. It comes with a mic stand holder thing. Never say no to free stuff.Cons1. The only thing I can think of is that it doesn't come with its own cable. You'll need to buy an XLR cable on your own. It's not bad enough to deduct a star.There are people who are comparing this to the Shure SM57 and other microphones. Here's the thing, I am an amateur. Before I owned this mic, I was using a Blue Snowball and before that, my laptop webcam mic. So I am not the authority. All I can tell you is that this thing sounds freaking amazing. My podcast co-host immediately noticed the difference and couldn't tell me enough of how much better I sounded and that's over a Skype call (we podcast using Skype). So if you're looking for a vocal/podcast mic, this is a great, cheap option. Are there better options? Sure, but not for this price. Not even close. Recommended wholeheartedly.
I expected this Shure SM57 knock-off to disappoint me. I was not. For 30 bucks this thing does the job. There is a bit of handling noise but not enough to complain about. I put a windscreen on it to eliminate pops and wind noise. I recommend this mic for vocals. I've had fun with it. As far as longevity and durability, time will tell.
Loved this Mic when I hooked it up, it sounds great and for the price you can't go wrong.  Wish that it had a on/off switch but you can get around that.  Great for instruments and vocals as well.  Was delivered on time as well, amazon is the best and have the best vendor.
I have had the Shure version of this mic (not naming any names haha) and this mic is just as good! Actually, I take it back, it's better than the shure mic because this one isn't overpriced!!
This mic has a very solid construction and looks and feels like a SM57.  I liked what it did to live vocals vs an old mic I have that seemed to give everyone small shocks (and probably cost way more in the day).  I originally bought this to check the hype out and can say that I will likely get more as needed instead of buying SM57s.  I have not recorded with this yet, but from what I heard online, I think it will do just fine.
Was looking for something slightly improved over the Snark, but still easier to use and lower cost than a strobe tuner.Works well to quickly tune and still zero in on the correct pitch.Appears the tuner is a AW2 and the G (guitar) function is in that the clip fits a guitar headstock.Works as anticipated. Easy to get that last bit of fine tuning.
I could not be happier. Once in a while it will catch ambient sounds, but I love this tuner. It does not eat up battery power, and keeps me tuned right on!!! A bit better than Snark, but if you love saying SNARK. Just get snark!!!!
Easy to use, accurate, programmable, lights up, easy to read, decent quality.  I like it, Korg has never disappointed me.
It fits well on my Les Paul and Strat.  Does Not fly off the head when playing.  It's very easy to read with or without the back light being on depending on room ambient lighting.  The light works really well and that was what I was looking for.  As far as accuracy it's right on in either setting.
I bought this for a friend who always wanted to play violin but never could afford one, the quality was surprisingly good considering how cheap it was, I helped her set it up (took 15 minutes max, just needed to get the bridge just right) and the only flaw I found was the horrible pegs that came with it, I had some spare rosewood ones in a drawer which fixed that small problem, as for the rest of the violin the furniture was workmanlike, not concert quality but serviceable for a student, the body was what really surprised me, for a mass produced student model it has a nice sound, I do believe that with nicer furniture, a better bridge, and strings I would not be ashamed to play this at a venue, how it will hold up over time is a open question but from what I can see of its internals it is well put together.this brings me to my only real problem, as she never has played any instrument at all she makes this violin squeal like a pig, I am no good at teaching so I got her a few books and downloaded some vids from youtube for her to watch but still...Her husband has forbidden her to bring the violin home till she can play so she comes over here to practice, which has led my neighbors to believe I am responsible for the sudden disappearance of several neighborhood cats (I think the noise chased em away) I am waiting for the call from the SPCA as I type this.
The two violins we ordered came on time, and were packaged very well. All pieces that were advertised were included. The items appear as pictured. It is hard for me to rate this purchase, as I am still trying to get it in tune. I am using a snark clip on tuner, and have yet to get the strings in tune. We purchased peg drops to help with the tuning, but still have been unsuccessful in bringing them into tune.
It's a working violin. My daughter likes it. Her violin teacher suggests to up grade the strings and a new Artino Magic Pad. The shoulder rest is way too high for my daughter, but I don't count that as a defect:-)
i mean if you just want something to learn the violin on then this is pretty good, stays in tune and is reinforced in all the weak spots because cracks will form
This violin is AMAZING considering it's price, I got it for my girlfriend, expecting it to maybe be a complete joke and be absolutely worthless and it wasn't she went to a violin school and people had payed waay more than me and had a violin that sucked. I am a satisfied costumer, for a beginner or if you want a cheap violin to practice till you destroy it, this one's for you.Basic but sturdy, gets the job done :)
Sounds decent and stays in tune.  For the price this is just what you need if you want to dabble in/on the violin.
run this into my laptop from a behringer 1202fx mixer. windows 7 didnt need to install any drivers,it was plug n play. reaper picks it up immediately, just arm the track, set level and record. I will offer thistid bit of information because i had the problem where very little signal from the mixer and uca 222 into reaperhad the track peaking out and distorting. I found that others had the same issue. I had to right click on the volumespeaker in the bottom right on the task bar of my computer, click "recording devices", select my uca222 (not internal microphone) from the list,click "properties" at the bottom of the Sound window, select the "levels" tab and reduce the level to around 2 or 3 to have an equal volume from themixer into windows 7 and Reaper. Until i did that, every signal into Reaper was too hot and would distort even if the mixer output was set to next to nothing.I tried everything in reaper to resolve the issue until i finally did a search for others having the same problem.So far the behringer uca 222 is working great. and signal is clean.
i only bought with the idea that a "FULL" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a "compact version" and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst's Au's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface "i guess" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to "intro" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface..... Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably...
Pros:- Price point- Does the job in the descriptionCons:- Shielding of USB cable is abysmal; very susceptible to interference (could work if there is minimal circuitry around where you use it)- Cheap plastic construction
I own three of these units (one Red 222 and two Grey 202)and use them to output midi sounds from my laptops internal sound moduals to a pro PA system (mostly Mackie gear) for live performance and occasionally to add sounds to recordings in my 24 track home studio. This unit is quiet and very handy. The price is dead cheap. I have two other similar units (a Lexicon Alpha and the smaller Lexicon Omega boxes)that cost much more. Yes my Lexicon boxes provide a lot of different inputs and outputs and are very nice but if all you need is a very portable basic input/output sound card that is very quiet and easy to install (just plug it), you should buy this box.Some of the reviews talk about it being "cheap" plastic. Yes it is plastic (so are many other more expensive units) but I have been throwing these boxes in with my other equipment and have yet to break one of them or have any problems. I will also admit that while I don't abuse my equipment on purpose, I am not that gentle either and have dropped these several times with no damage.The software that comes with the 222 package is good, but in my case I really didn't need it. I have Sonor/Cakewalk software and Abobe Audition but I would like to take a moment and say something about the included Audacity. One reviewer wrote that it is a "very low,low.low" quality software. That couldn't be further from the truth. I have used this software for years in my studio and it is very high quality software. It can work in both 16 and 24 bit processing, and input and output almost every type of audio format (.wav, MP3, etc.). It also has a ton of very nice free downloads (compressors, EQ's, sonic enhancers etc.)from the Audacity web site. Audacity started life as a shareware but was purchased by Sound Forge who was in turn bought by Sony. This is high quality studio software that you can still download and use for free and it's not a trial software that will expire in 30 days or block out important features. I would add that to really make it work well you need to use the preferences section to set it up to the higher quality settings that are available. As I remember the defaults are set at mid level quality so the average home user can use it without taxing their computer resources.The bottom line is that both Behringer units (202 and 222) both work great and I can't hear or see any difference in them other than the color and the added software included with the 222 package. For such a low price you can't go wrong.
Ay yo homie this interface be off the hook you know i be all interfacin and stuff you feel. thx behringer.
I just needed this for my new guitar. From the looks of it, it complements the instrument well. I am happy with it.
I used these on my ukuleles, and they worked well enough that I bought tow more pairs.  They hold a regular strap well, and work particularly well with the leather strap attachment from a Uke Leash (google it, those are fabulous!).cheers.
Arrived on time and highest quality and have the felt washers to further protect your guitar... very easy to install, but make sure you drill a pilot hold so your do not injure or split the wood on your instrument.
Easy to install these buttons on the guitar.  Well made and just what I was looking for.  Thank you very much.
These are as described - these work with fender switches (which, turns out they include those screws), and fender pickups. Used them while building a few pre-wired pick guards.
They work and are fender parts. Even thoigh they work on many brands. Use them on all makes and no complaints todate.
I have a 1953 telecaster body and after installing the screw to the pickup they were to long for the body . I had to trim them down
I probably could have found the same screw at the hardware store but these are OEM and fit perfectly. Recommended.
This processor is okay for home practice if you need something other than just a dry signal. The sound is a little too electronic for me. I bought an RP-1 and it sounds much better.
This little unit is packed with great effects. For $50, I'm very impressed. Has just about everything you need in a entry-level pedal, except for a pedal control!!
These types of pedals are toys. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. By all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion.
Works well and has good sound. I really enjoy all the versatility and amp sounds. The interface could be easier to use but for this price point one can't really complain.
Great Price, easy to transport and set up and it holds my guitar.  It does what it is designed for.  Can't ask for more!
Can't beat these $10 stands! They are a bit troublesome to open and collapse, the snap buttons are hard to depress. But once open they stand up well. Since I don't travel much they are great if you use your guitar in a studio and don't travel around much.
This is a quality stand. I use it for my Yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. Nothing but praise for this item.
This is my favorite acoustic guitar stand. It's easy to use on stage, it can be used with only one hand, and it has a low profile that doesn't take up a lot of space when folded, and it doesn't stick out as an eyesore on stage. I use this thing constantly, and can wholeheartedly recommend it.
I already have one of these stands for one of my guitars and recently bought the tubular type...I should have bought another one of these instead. As someone else mentioned here, this stand does not put any unnecessary pressure on the guitar and the space needed on the floor is minimal and the guitar can be displayed near a wall. I highly recommend this guitar stand.----5 stars.
For the price and free shipping, this can't be beat. It's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. Pay attention to the warnings. If your guitar has polypropylene finish, which most do, you're going to be fine. If you have a very high end guitar, this might not work.
just received the cable, it sounds clear, doesn't feel like it is made of the best materials, I just got this cable today so I can't really comment on how durable it is and how long it will last, so far I tend to believe it is a decent cable for the price, I don't use a microphone very often so this cable should last a while. so far it is working well, I would buy another one if I needed it, the price is right,
I needed this balanced cable to connect a clip-on mic pickup for my acoustic guitar.It works perfectly and my recording are rich and full.Great price, too!
My studio has powered monitors which require balanced inputs.  I purchased several of these cables at varying lengths and found them quite acceptable for this application.  I'm not sure I'd put them in my remote recording kit--they're not really heavy duty.  But for speakers or other static applications, they're just fine.
Noise free cables with good connectors at an affordable price.I used them for acoustic drum microphones into a mixer without any problems.
should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck
This was for a friend who needed a Guitar Capo. He hasn't had any problem with the capo yet. And the price was right.
Very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  Excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  The plastic tension section just snapped off.  Very disappointed!
I just got it today. Really tight because it's brand new, but it's really sturdy and solid. Nothing gimmicky or faulty, just perfect.
If you're in the need for a guitar capo, then this is a pretty good offering. For it being pretty cheap, I had to get it. Shipping was fairly fast, and it's ready to use straight out of the package. :D
It really has everything that one could ask for in a guitar capo - it's a quality well-made tool that isn't going to fall apart any time soon; it has a strong spring, so it grips the neck and strings quite solidly; and it's easy to open up and clamp on the neck.Can't really say anything more than that this really is a well-made capo that works just exactly and precisely as a capo is supposed to work.I love it!
This capo will not work on a guitar with a thicker neck, for example a les paul or most acoustics. For thinner necks, like a strat or tele, it works ok, but has to be positioned just right to prevent string buzz. It's not the ole clip it and go capo I'm used to. I bought this to have a capo I could just leave clipped on my acoustic's head for use when needed. No dice. Neck too thick. It's a Washburn dreadnaught. We're not talking some funky 7 string jazz guitar.Bottom line: It's cheap as dirt and you can make it work if you don't mind having to place it just right. My advice, spend a few bucks more and buy one that's easy.
It does the job. The only problem is that it sticks out a little to far down underneath the guitar neck thus impeding the fingers from taking the right position for some of the chords. You slide it up and away, you might loose pressure on strings and your guitar will make funny noises especially if you use hard strings. For the money, it does the job ok. It's a good one for beginers like myself.
This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. There are times where the capo is a little big and the fingers can hit it but in general, it is probably the best capo there is for an acoustic guitar. It does not break, and is very sturdy. Highly recommended.
I was skeptical because of the price but these work great.  It is even large enough to use with my 12 String.
This capo will do the job, if you can squeeze it open.  I'm hoping that leaving it on the headstock will lessen the spring tension. it is all I can do to open and place this on the guitar.  I cannot do it with one hand.
I received this capo yesterday and it works perfectly on my acoustic guitar. It is styled very much like the Kyser capos but cost about one third of what you'd pay for a Kyser. It is made of aluminum, NOT ABS plastic as another reviewer suggested. The spring is plenty strong enough to hold down all 6 strings with no problems. The rubber pad is flat and this capo works well on guitars with a flat fret board. I don't know how well it would work on a guitar with a curved radius fret board. I'm thinking it may not hold the high and low "E" strings down sufficiently to keep them from buzzing. I could be wrong. Keep in mind it is very important to fully depress the spring when moving the capo up or down the neck. Sliding it will cause wear on the rubber pad on any capo. The wound strings will cut into the rubber  like a file if you slide it on the strings. I really haven't had it long enough to see if it will stand the test of time, but as the title of my review reads: "So far, So good" It's very reasonably priced and I'm very pleased with it. I rate it at 5 stars. It's well worth the money. It's very unlikely to break and if I find the rubber pad wears out prematurely, I will update my review.
As I am one of those "forever beginners" when it comes to playing a guitar I may not be able to tell you all that this capo does. The reason I ordered it is to hold my strings so I can set my guitar. I may play around with it to see what all it does.Good price, just as described!
Capos ruin frets but i find them to be necessary.  This one has a very strong spring so I am hoping i lossens up with use.
I chose this capo because I was just starting out and needed one for certain songs. This was a cheap capo, but it does its job well. I have no complaints about it at all.
Great product. Great price. Buy it.As a pro musician my entire teenage and adult life, I say, "Ya, good capo"
The item came quickly and as decribed. It clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far.
Easy to use does a great job and comes off when you want it to, and does not scratch or harm guitar in any way. Great price as well. I got two of them.
Does the trick! I use it all the time and haven't had any issues with functionality or build quality. I'd recommend it over more expensive capos any day! Good purchase.
Very sturdy stand made to last a lifetime.  Easy enough to adjust and can hold a lot of weight.  Cannot go wrong with this one.
This is a great stand.  In the past I have been plagued with light flimsy stands so decided to go for something that appeared solid and well made.  This one serves the bill.  I am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable.  It is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use.  I use it regularly for events and so far am very pleased.
I was looking for something more solid than the usual fold up stand and this is it.  I can put a heavy notebook full of music on it and a lamp and a tray and more stuff and it is rock solid.  Very happy.
No complaints whatsoever.Product is a solid build and prices right.Knobs work well and the stand doesn't slip.Legs hold up pretty well also.
This was so perfect that we bought 2 more of them for our music at home!
nice wide lip, sturdy, appears to be well made and durable, nice finish on it, hopefully will last a long time
Sounds disgusting. Very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. Don't hope to take chords on it. Only on first 4 strings may be...Try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one.
I was rather skeptical of this little box amp, but it works great.  My acoustic gets a pretty hefty electric sound with the tone and overdrive adjustments!  Not sure how long the 9V battery will last, but the advantage of such a small box, with such a sound is worth a couple of batteries.  I have been playing on and off for the past three hours and it is just fine!  Well worth the money spent!  And it is small enough to fit right into the pocket of my guitar bag...one less thing to tote!  Looks really cool too!
i like it as the stars say...great for around the house playing,but  lately i noticed it does cut out on me...when you strum it shuts down somrtimes,i am not sure if it is the battery or it just does not like the song i am playing...when you turn it back on it usally works fine...some other people have made the same discovery also...but for $20...i'm going to live with it,,has a belt clip if you want to look really silly playing...i just glued it to my pelvis!!!
A cute little monster that's surprisingly loud and versatile. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. Don't expect too much for $20 (it's all plastic) and you should be satisfied too. The amp comes with helpful instructions showing different tone settings (fuzz, twang, etc.). I also purchased the AC adaptor since these things typically eat batteries.
The HoneyTone is aptly named.  It has a long reputation for having excellent sound for its size. That reputation is earned.  It has double the volume of a portable amp I own that's twice its size.  The tone range is generous (from mellow to high treble).  From what I've seen and heard, the &#34;overdrive&#34; function is fairly useless in an amp this size.  It tends to go distortion to the point of garble.  My guess is specific guitars may work well with the overdrive, but I have no use for it as I prefer clear tones.  It is possible to over-volume the amp (as with any amp) so i don't max it out, but for a portable or practice amp, it works very well.  I've bought three of these now and plan to buy more.  I don't know as I'd pay $40 to $60 for it, but the Amazon price (currently around $20) makes it a great value.  I hope it's around at this price level for a long time as it's great for hobbyist projects or for box guitar amping.
Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15.00.  I only spent $8.59 for this and I'm mad at myself.  It was cheap enough that I rolled the dice to see if I could get away with a decent product for CHEAP.  It feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass.  I couldn't believe that Pyle would put that much effort into a great "fit and finish" product, yet not put decent components inside.  This is the noisiest piece of crap I've ever used - I ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60.00).  Pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as "Pyle of S***."Sorry folks, but I'd skip this one.  The 5-star ratings must be from employees.  The only reason I didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (Remember, I only spent $8.59), and I'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.Live and learn.  Why would I think plugging a $2000.00 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea?  My fault.
I thought I was getting something that would boost/amplify the signal from my bass to the amp.  It didn't, but at it's cheap price it wasn't bad and I found other uses for it.  They make ones that will boost the signal, so if that's what you're looking for, be a careful consumer.
I bought this because my band's primary PA mixer doesn't have high-impedance inputs for a guitar pickup, and I don't always want to bring my submixer for quick-change gigs. So, a small, cheap DI box seemed like a good solution.The PDC21 is a no-frills device. It converts a 1/4" instrument cable (high Z) to a balanced/unbalanced 1/4" or XLR (low Z) signal. It does a fine job. I don't notice it coloring the sound (i.e., it's not changing the balance of frequencies transmitted) although it does lower the volume somewhat. That's to be expected in a passive DI box, and it doesn't bother me.I'm using it with an LR Baggs M1A active soundhole pickup. The M1A spits out a fairly hot signal, and I don't have any problem with the signal loss associated with the PDC21. If I were using a passive pickup in my guitar, the results might be different.Bottom line: it's small, fairly light, seems durable, and it does a good job converting my active guitar signal to the XLR inputs our PA mixer requires. It does everything I wanted, and the price was right. I see no reason to go shopping for a more expensive one.
Grabbed a handful of these units to bolster up my recording kit this year.  I got three single channels and two dual channel units.Set them up for the keyboard player (Dual Channel), bass, and guitar player DI's plus one from a DI output on a effects module that were all on stage and connected them into my snake running to the back of the venue.Crystal clear sound from all 4 units straight into a recording mixing console.  I was impressed.Not one pop, hiss, crack or anything from these units all night.  Even was able to adjust the pad setting on the guitar and bass to cut the signal a bit so I didn't have to use so much compression to keep the signal from clipping going to the recording.No telling how long these units will last, but for the price, who cares, just buy another one and move on.Check out how these boxes sound on the Band's YouTube page @ GerrellTheBand to hear the sound coming from these units.  Near studio quality.
Tested by the guitar mags to be the best strap lock available.  These are basically the same as Schaller strap locks.  They cost less money and I think the parts are interchangeable.  It is still best to keep them seperated as to their original manufacturer (disclaimer.)  I know that the Fender buttons will work in the Schaller strap portion of the lock.
As a new guitar player I have a lot to learn, and after nearly dropping my guitar twice in about 15 minutes because the strap sliding off the pegs research was needed.  Based on reviews here and other sites I ordered these.  Arrived quickly, extremely easy to install and work as advertised.  Would buy these again if/when I acquire new guitars.
Actually they're not fender, they are Schaller, but that is really good!. Looks great in my Fender Squier. Highly recommended!
They seem the same but the original schallers that came with my tele deluxe 2008 are bigger and stronger for the lack of a better word, still a good buy
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Fender/Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
This straplock set doesn't come with any instructions, that's because it's so easy you don't need them! Took the original screws off my Fender Strat, set the button, screws and felt washer together and quickly screwed it in. Afterwards screwed the lock into myGibson Lightning Bolt Style 2 Inch Safety Guitar Strap, Jet Blackwithout any problem whatsoever and it was ready!It is a quite simple mechanism but it shows that the button and lock won't come loose by accident by any chance. Still haven't given it a real gig test but by hanging it for a couple minutes I can tell I made the right purchase. Way recommended!
This Behringer box is a very good tool, effect I would recommend to anyone from beginner to pro. One thing should be noted the light is amber not blue and no 9 volt battery is required. The device comes with a removable power cord, which  to me is a big plus.
When you purchase this product the advertisement leads you to believe a separate power supply is required but it does come with its own power supply.  There is no need to purchase a separate Behringer PSU-SB.Otherwise the time machine works fine, as described.
I really like this delay. It's simple and works well. I really am starting to love Behringer. Great pedal for a great price.
This is an awesome analog echo effect. Very similar to a EHX Memory Man it does it all. The only complaint is the pots have limited function unlike the MM so instead of a lot of play on some of the knobs you have a very little bit of play which can be annoying. Other than that for the price its just awesome.
Well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..However I am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..I bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a NIGHTMAREGoing on a week now no support help from either company..HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. This is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...There is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..Im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.Alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software..
Other reviews give an adequate overview of the kit and its potential so I'll just mention particular details: The kick pedal spring tension was set too tight, making the pedal hard to control and very frustrating to a beginner. Fortunately the thumbscrew and nut adjustment is easy and made a tremendous improvement in feel and control.The documentation is poor and, inexcusably, there's nothing better available online from Alesis: The steps in the graphical setup page are less than ideal for a single person assembly. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. Experienced drummers will know what they want but I would have appreciated a suggested basic setup showing common variations.The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. You'll just have to hear them and jot down your own notes.There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. I've noticed no such problem and, as of this date, Alesis has no such update on their site, which leads me to suspect their former patch may have been bad and/or they've updated units currently being sold.Speaking of the snare, the second outer zone for rimshots is nice but I can only get it to trigger while sticking from the outside. The technique of laying the stick flat across the head and lifting one end doesn't seem to trigger the rimshot (or perhaps I just haven't worked out the touch yet).I'm interested in a natural sound, probably close to a classic jazz kit, and a couple of the presets work for me. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. Still, most of the time I just want to sit down and play and don't want to bother firing up the PC and loading software so it's nice to have two workable options. The headphone volume could be louder but running it into powered speakers and taking a headphone out from them solves that issue.Keeping the pads clean is easy with two soft lint-free cloths. Dampen one with a little warm water (wring it out well) and use a light circular motion to remove dust and dirt, then wipe gently with the dry cloth to take up any residue.This is my first experience with an electronic kit and, as others have mentioned, the sensation really is fundamentally different from an acoustic instrument, particularly when striking the cymbal pads. It takes awhile to mentally balance the soft thud or click (depending on which surface you strike) from outside the headphones with the sampled drum sound within. I wasn't sure I liked it for the first couple of weeks (meaning I probably didn't) but I've gotten used to it and have gradually begun to relate to the DM6 on its own terms, not as an imitation of an acoustic drum kit, but as something else with its own special characteristics.
For the money it costs it worth it. The construction seems good (especially the kick drum pedal), but the brains leave a little to be desired, although it's very functional. The biggest complaint I have is that it only has 1/8&#34; stereo out and 1/8&#34; headphones out. Really should be 1/4&#34; mono or stereo. I bought a separate plug to allow this so I could put it into my mixer and I'm good.
I'll try to keep this succinct and say only what needs said. Setup was fairly easy (although the instructions were downright cryptic). The adjustability is wonderful. And the kit looks phenomenal out of the box. That being said, one of my toms is nowhere near as responsive as the rest of them (I'll soon contact the company for a replacement), the cymbals are not intuitive to strike placement (you only get the secondary cymbal tone when you strike it very hard, and even then it's no guarantee), and I'm guessing, due to their close proximity to each other and the sensitivity of the pads, the snare often activates when I strike the hi-hat. At first glance, the different tone kits don't bring much to the table. But there is a wide range of personalization available when you begin to dig deeper into the controls. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. My only other complaint is that the bass drum doesn't bring much to the table. It sounds more like a flat tom than a bass pedal.In short; this kit was somewhat defective out of the box. But it's still fun to use. So, unless you plan to record with your electronic kit, I'd recommend this product as a fun musical toy. But it's certainly not up to par with some of the more expensive kits I've used. And recording with this kit would likely be a nightmare.
I am a beginner and wanted a set that I can learn on, but would also allow me to experiment with other percussion instruments besides a rock drum set and would take a small amount of room and allow low volume levels.  I've had this set for about a month and a half.  So far, it is working well for me.  The rubber drum and cymbal surfaces are great for keeping the volume low enough when playing late at night.  Each drum and cymbal seem to have sweet spots where I imaging the triggers are.  Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced.  The impression I get is that most electronic drum sets have some kind of problem or another, so it seems to be whether the problem(s) are something you can live with or not.  Also, you can't play with the same nuance and control as an acoustic set, but for the price it goes a long way to making it seem real enough that I can enjoy it and feel like I'm learning the drums.  It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it.  There are a few problems that I'm not likely to encounter until I become really accomplished.  One is that when playing the snare rim shot and either the hi-hat or tom 1 simultaneously, one or the other will not trigger a sound to occur about half the time.  I found this out when playing these combinations rapidly, which I'm not likely to do maybe ever.  But it is still an error in functionality.  I called Alesis and they said this was a common characteristic of this model drum set.  There is a firmware update that has been mentioned in earlier reviews that I, but it didn't make any difference.  In summary, for the price and my needs, I am very pleased with this drum set.  More expensive sets with more sounds and better nuance control don't have the rubber surfaces that I want, plus, according to reviews they all seem to have problems of some type so spending more money doesn't necessarily eliminate problems.
I agree with those reviewers who really like this pickup. It has a very natural sound, is reliable and amazingly strong. The suction cup issue is easy to solve, it just needs to be a bit humid and it will stay well. I also bought (for comparison) the Cherub WCP-60G, which is not bad but has much more of an unnatural metallic sound, plus it seems more feedback-prone than the AXL. I can only recommend, if you have a nice classical guitar and want to amplify it with true sound, the AXL is an excellent and inexpensive solution. I doubt that the $200 stuff is much better.
Got it right b4 x'mas, thanks Amazon!It is one of the best value I have purchased.  Suction design is great for any size of string instruments, uke, small soundholded guitars, or acoustic guitars. Thanks for the previous viewers' tip to moisture the suction b4 pressuring on the surface of the guitar that next to the bridge.  It stays great and pickups perfectly without any unwanted noise from the pickup wire itself (recently have bought another one does).  great value and quality for $11 i spent ever.
I bought this for a friend who plays the guitar. He said that you can hear the guitar but barely.
the suction cup does not work. it looks like aged. it's very hard with room temp 70F. I removed the rubber suction cup and I have to use a big paper clipper to secure it on the sound hole edge. it picks up sound OK, but not great.
I bought this pickup for placement in two ukeleles I own.The first ukelele was a Lanakai LU-21.  It installed pretty easily, except the adhesive lost its adhesion after I moved the pickup to a new location within the soundbox.  I need to get some stronger carpet tape or new adhesive to secure it more permanently in its new location.  It sounded great though -- several people commented on how loud and sweet the instrument sounded through a guitar amplifer and also through a mixer, amp and PA system.  We did have to boost the gain on the mixer significantly to get adequate volume, but we were able to project enough sound to do a dance for about 100 people.  Straight into a guitar amp, it gave plenty of volume.Happy with the results, I then installed a second one in a Mahalo painted/economy ukelele available here on Amazon.  The installation went well except the endpin jack wouldn't "stay put" in the sound hole.  On my Lanakai this was not a problem -- there is a ragged washer which goes on the inside of the endpin jack which is supposed to bite into the wood on the inside of the instrument.  It is supposed to stop the endpin jack from turning when you screw on a strap pin/bolt onto the endpin jack from the outside of the instrument.  On the Lanakai, this ragged-edged washer bit into the softer mahogany-like wood easily and did its job very well.  On the Mahalo, which is a smooth maple or pine, the ragged washer couldn't bite into the wood.  As a result, the endpin jack turned and turned when I tried to screw on the outer bolt/strap button and never went on tight enough.  I had to put masking tape around the end pin jack to make it fit snugly in the hole I created in the end block of the ukelele.  THEN there was enough resistance to allow me to install the strap button/end bolt very tightly.My biggest beef with this unit is the fact that it takes a 15/32 hole to fit it snugly in the ukelele.  This is an odd size, so you end up using a 7/16 drill bit which is common in most handyman drill bit sets.  Because this is too small, you have to make the hole 1/32" larger by whatever means you have available.  This was an agonizingly slow process when I tried to do it by hand, using a dowel with sandpaper wrapped around it.  A peg-hole reamer might have done a better job, but I didn't have one.So, I eventually found a dowel and glued some sandpaper to it, shoved it in my drill press, and slowly lifted my 7/16" hole in the ukelele into the spinning sanpaper dowel.  This took care of the sizing problem in a matter of seconds, although it was not a really tight fit, and necessitated the use of masking tape around the endpin jack in the Mahalo to stablize it in the hole.Also, the directions don't tell you much about the placement of the 3 nuts, 2 flat washers, ragged washer, and strap button/bolt that goes on the end of the jack.  I did it his way, starting from the inside of the ukelele:(Bolt1-Bolt2-thin washer-ragged washer)-- WALL OF THE UKELELE -- (outer thick washer, outer bolt3, outer strap pin/bolt).  The purpose of bolt1 is to stabilize bolt2.  This sequence of pieces worked on both instruments in which I installed the pickup.Overall, when played through different guitar amps, as well as a mixer/amp/PA system, I was pleased with the results of this unit in a ukelele.  I would buy another if I needed to amplify yet another accoustic instrument.
I am not going to say this pickup is the best thing since sliced bread, but it is built solidly and built to last. It is simple, practical, and cheap. There are obvious advantages and disadvantages to that. You don't buy $150.00 pickup for a $200-$300 instrument. Being able to plug in and be self-sufficient (in most rooms, especially at open mics) is easier and better than relying on a mic, especially for beginners, because it takes skill and discipline to stay within the mic's sweet spot. Also, some rooms/PA's/hosts do not work well when trying to mic an instrument. At least a pickup like this has the potential for keeping the sound front and center. (I will experiment with different instruments & write more about the quality later.)That said, there is only one piezo element, unlike a K&K; pickup, for example. So it is limited in giving you optimal sound, no matter where it is placed. Also, in case you cannot tell from the image, the soldering connection and wires are exposed on the jack, so it can only be used inside your instrument, which means drilling a hole.
This pickup is pretty good at lower volumes. But it becomes a feedback nightmare at higher volume. The pickup is very, over sensitive.Also, spend some time where exactly you place the pickup, it makes a big difference! Try to put it near a solid part of the instrument so it does not pickup so much and make the cound like the bottom of a cave or something.
I first installed one of these in a new 'laminated' guitar, to test it and I was truly blown away by the quality of the sound! I had purchased this guitar for practicing during our cold and dry, New England winter!The sound was so good that I ended up putting another one into my prized, 1973 Guild Madeira (built in Japan!). This guitar sounds much better than the laminated Fender does and this pickup reproduces it accurately through my Fender amplifier's 'clean' setting.I tried attaching the pickups in various positions but found that I liked the sound the best when the pickup was attached slightly below, towards the bottom of the guitar and slightly favoring the treble strings side of the bridge, just off center in the lower X-bracing.YouTube has several good installation videos that show you exactly how-to install an acoustic pickup such as this one.I've used these pickups now to record several of my favorite guitar pieces. It's wonderful, no longer having to keep the guitar perfectly still with relations to an external, stand mounted microphone!If you wish to record your acoustic guitar, this is an effective and very inexpensive solution for that!
I have a lot of guitars and do all the work on them myself.A couple of secrets to installing the mike pickup:After you drill the hole, and are trying to figure out just how to get thejack into place from the inside of the guitar, do this;Get a guitar/patch cable and run it through the hole you just drilled until you can grab it throughthe sound hole. jack into the AXL and then pull it out the hole using your cable. You may have to dothis a couple of times to get the jam nuts set for the right depth, so having a way to make this processeasier is a big help. Also, I did not use the giant endpin collar that came with the assy, as it just takesup a lot of thread space to accomplish nothing.Finding a sweet spot on smaller guitars/ukulele/mandolin's can be close to impossible because the soundhole is actually so small, you can't get your hand in, and finger length is as far as you can go, so in most cases, go in the direction of the low E string side as this is what is typically lacking on the smaller instruments unless you have Jimi Hendrix hands and in that case, congratulations.Finally, on Travel guitars; GET RID OF THE GIANT STRINGS THAT COME ON SOME OF THESE THINGS!My SX traveller came in with 11-54's and I could not even hear the low E string. I had an old set of electric 10-46's I took off of a BB King Lucille, and just for the heck of it swapped them out; Man what a difference; actually so much difference that I really didn't need the AXL I just installed even though it's a fun addition.As far as an amp, I have a little HoneyTone that has been feeling out of place alongside my very large amp arsenal, and just may have found a home, as it is about as small as you can get to go along with the Travel guitar.
This is a hit-or-miss product.  For me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well.  It's not a total loss since I can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution I ended up with.  It was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on.
The Taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. You will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do.
I bought this to complement a 414ce-LTD (Fall 2011) guitar, and wanted to have something that would last a long time, and provide a nice suede feel to keep the strap from sliding around on my shoulder.It took a little bit to get the hole over the butt peg of the guitar - it almost seemed the slit they cut was too small. After working at it a few minutes, I got it to fit, and it wore really nicely once I got the length where I wanted. Taking it on/off the guitar isn't too much trouble, but over the past few months the bottom slit has stretched a little more - enough to make it easier to get it on. I'm glad that it came a little tighter initially - the leather stretches over time, and it's clear they had that in mind when they make these. The quality is excellent, and I'm buying another one to go with my 12-string Taylor.
I bought this strap for my Taylor guitar.It's a fine strap that feels really comfortable and soft.As it says, it is made to fit well on Taylor guitars but can fit in any other guitar as well.The color is pretty much the same as the picture posted.Highly recommended
Nice to see something well made for a change.  Most guitar straps I see that are less than $80.00 are all cheap and that fake stuff.
I've been using primarily Alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. I figured I'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.These were the first to go on, and they were a HUGE step down from what I had on. The strings I took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. They were twice as loud as these. When you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. They don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. The cons definitely outweigh the pros here.Pros:-Very flexible, string bends are easy-Easy on the fingersCons:-The most dull sound of any strings I've ever heard. Especially on the low end. They're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. The highs are very tinny. Almost sounds like a bad recording.-Your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. It's the weirdest thing. This is especially true for the G string. It's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. Anyways, it sucks. Grip is the last thing you want on your strings.Bottom line: Unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. I'll never buy again. This is the first time in my life I wanted to change brand new strings.
The reason they are called silk and phosphor is that the wound strings have silk along with steel in their cores (the wire around which the windings are wound) rather than just steel.  This allows them to tune to pitch with less tension, so they can be the ideal string for a beginner or someone who is moving from nylon.  There are also silk and steel strings with silver plated copper windings.  The lower tensions and light gauges mean that they may not drive some guitar tops hard enough to let them perform up to their capability.  That is, they may sound soft and cheap.  I would not put them on most Martin dreadnoughts, for example.  But they may work fine on lightly braced guitars. The only way to find out for sure is to experiment.These are an experiment for me, I usually use silk-and-steel on my guitar banjo, it was time to change strings, and I stumbled across these.  I'll have to see where things settle down, but so far I'm willing to give these silk-and-phosphor the nod over silk-and-steel.  The sound is a bit brighter.  My music partner says she prefers the way these silk-and-phosphor blend with her fiddle.This is so "out there" that I won't let it influence my rating.  My guitar-banjo's tailpiece has small holes through which the strings must pass.  The ends of the windings at the bottoms of the bare steel 1st and 2nd strings stick out a bit, so I had trouble putting them on.  I was able to use a fine wire cutter to nip the end of the 1st string, but it didn't work for the 2nd string.  I ended up using a D'Addario string of the same gauge in its place.  Admittedly, it was a tight fit, but I was able to put it on without working on it.
What's not to love about these strings? The sound is fantastic ... they ring like they should. But my fret hand no longer gets tired after playing all night long.
These sound and feel good but nothing spectacular to report.Had to make adjustments to eliminate buzzing.They sound OK
These strings are so soft to the touch that they almost feel like "flat-wound" acoustic guitar strings. When you uncoil them out of the wrapper they don't spring out like most other strings but sort of flop out like a string string instead of a wire wrapped in wire. They sound wonderful but I swear the feel easier to play and I was doing things with them I usually am pretty clumsy at with my mitts. They won't last as long as coateds of course but they have a depth and a character all their own worth checking out and you may find, like me, that it's worth going back to changing them out every few weeks to get the fresh sound. If you're really an acoustic guitar aficionado, you'll want to try these. The almost play themselves IMO. And that makes me want to play twice as long.
For some reason these picks have a better feel, flexibility and grip than any I have found in a long time. They aren't that expensive (especially as an add-on) and they're relly cool.
I JUST RECEIVED MY 10 PACK PLANET WAVES BEATLE COLLECTORS PICK, GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, IT'S A GREAT LITTLE COLLECTION, ONLY THING THAT I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THAT YOU DIDN'T GET 15 SEPARATE ONES, THEY ARE ALL DUPLICATES, SO BESIDES THAT THEY ARE GREAT
I have several Behringer pedals, all placed in a Behringer 6-pedal board. Most of the B. pedals work quite well. I have no quality issues with them. Some people complain about the plastic cases, but they are tough and reliable unless you're in the habit of abusing your pedals by smashing them around or can't control your &#34;stomp&#34; pressure. Some are better than others, and this one works perfectly. I have 6 B. pedals (one of them is a tuner), and each seems to add some noise to the amp output, especially when it is in quiescent mode (no signal input).This pedal, placed at the end of the line just before the signal goes into the amp, quiets all that noise that the other pedals generate. I had to check this, because I at first thought my amp was making the noise, but when I bypassed all the pedals, my amp was quiet, which was a relief. Then I needed relief from the pedal noise, and this did the trick.The controls are a little misleading, but easy to get used to and adjust. The &#34;send-receive&#34; function is for quieting the noise you send to an additional effects pedal, which seems pointless, as the best way to use this is to put it at the end of the chain to quiet all the effects.The mute function may help, but when I turn on my pedal tuner, this also functions as a mute.I had to do a little modification of the B. pedal board to make this fit in, as I already had 6 pedals in place. But, with the removal of a couple of screws, it fit into a slot meant for a longer pedal.I don't actually need the on-off function on this most of the time, so placing it in that sideways, out of the way spot was no disadvantage. I just leave it on all the time so it always quiets the noise when I'm not actually playing. However, I can still operate it if necessary, for example for the mute function if I needed that.It's aggravating to have to have a pedal to eliminate noise from other pedals, but at least there is an easy solution in a noise gate like this one.
I think this is my fifth Behringer pedal. Admittedly I haven't had the time to try this one out. But based on my others, I'd say this will do everything the pedals that cost double or more can do!
When it comes to noise gates, this definitely does the trick. It had a noise-detection sensor, so it knows when you are playing guitar or not, and will turn itself on and off automatically. This means that while you're not playing, it'll block that annoying static sound your guitar and pedals make - and when you start playing, it'll lower itself so that it doesn't effect the noise of the guitar. It'll sound the same. I would defeinitely recommend. Plus Behringer is the best brand for pedals.
great pedall for the money it makes ur pedalls real quaiet,, it does what its soupose to.. german mind great electronics, well made but plastic,
If the hiss from your distortion and compression pedals irritates you, this is worth the money. Contrary to the name, it is a noise gate rather than a noise reducer. It does not filter out noise, but rather stops the signal to the amp entirely when the sound from the instrument reaches a predetermined minimum. If you are playing with humbuckers, your only problem will be pedal hiss and you will never hear it again. If you are playing on single coils, the hum while you play is so minimally noticeable that this is still worthwhile. Whether you're gigging and don't want to sound like an amateur or you're practicing in headphones at 4am, this will make your playing sound a little better, and you can't complain about that.
This baby does what it says it does at a very reasonable price. One does have to find the cable loops that one needs to eliminate humming & noise, for one doesn't know which in or output is actually making the interference but, once you've established that, it's all good baby!!!
I'm not a big fan of pedals at all, I much prefer multi effects but, that being say this is a great cheap pedal. Does what it should just like the noise gate in my rack.
I've used this live since I got it and it works great, no problems. Its made of plastic but that doesn't effect anything, its pretty tough. It has two modes, noise reduction which clips the noise and silences it when the note fades out, and mute which lets you mute with the stomp switch. I use the mute mode live to silence my bass in between sets but I have also used the reduction mode when my pickups were noisy. Both modes work great and there is a sensitivity knob to dial in the right clipping. Full on it will clip the notes hard and sometimes register quieter notes as noise and clip them all together, less and its more subtle. Great value and a great tool.
I read mixed reviews of this pedal board, but I had tried half a dozen multi effects pedals and modeling processors and pedals with limitless combinations all in one. However, I found all of those too difficult to adjust to my needs, or too cumbersome to flip through all the channels to get to the sound I wanted and then modify it. What I wanted was four or five single effects pedals that I could preset to the value I usually use and then turn on each effect as needed, giving me lots of combinations. I had a couple of Boss pedals and one Behringer one and I ordered a couple more of the inexpensive Behringer units, which I'm generally pleased with, though they're perhaps not in the elite category. They work fine for me. I didn't want 5 or 6 units cluttering up the space and each demanding its own wall wart.This compact board with its built in case and cord management was the perfect solution for me. Instead of the Velcro found on many boards, this has foam cutouts which hold the B and B pedals securely and give enough room for the connectors and daisy chain power supply to stay tangle free. It all plugs in with one adapter (provided) and it also comes with all the short connectors to connect each pedal together.My pedals are  incredibly easy to use and extremely well organized now. The case holds them securely and the lid fits on and holds everything in place for transport. Everything is ready to play by just removing the lid and plugging into the outlet.The latches are not the most secure, just a simple plastic slide that looks like it could easily break. However, there are matching holes right next to them so a small lock or even a twist tie could be inserted if the latch does malfunction.Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. If you're doing something similar to me, I'm sure you will be too. The foam cutouts can be manipulated for other sizes of pedals. I have exactly enough to fill it, with the addition of a dedicated tuner that mutes everything while I tune.
If you've never had a pedalboard before I'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly.  The pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is.  It's too big.  Patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this, I had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply.  Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own.
This is a very good investment. Everything just sits in this case  so I never have to set up any cables again. All I do is setup the input from guitar to the case, from the case to the amp, and let's not forget the power cable. It works amazing and saves plenty of time. I've also seen reviews that it's VERY druable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking easily. I love the fact that you can hide the wires and also convert the storage bay into space for larger pedals (such as wah or volume). The only concern by some people was a slight buzzing. I replaced the power cable that came with it with one of the power cables that came with one of my pedals, and the sound went away. I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. This item is VERY convienent!
I got this to eliminate all of the cords that powered the effects units as well as get something to house everything securely.  This board does the job for at least 6 pedals.  The Behringer pedals fit nicely into the foam slots and so far have not moved around during play. What I have to get used to is that the pedals are no longer against the floor, meaning that I not have to lift my foot higher to get over the boards edge to press them.  It should just take some getting used too.  One concern is that the linked power cables don't have anyplace to disappear into. I will be working on this. What I am not happy about is that the board is ALWAYS ON when plugged in.  The only way to shut off the power is to unplug it.  I wish it had a power switch.
I really like this thumb pick  The only thing I dispute is that this may be a large (for a girl) but NO WAY is it a large for a man.  I think a guy may have a problem wearing this comfortably.  So, Ladies!  This is a good purchase...not so much for a guy.
These are fine but didn't fit well; but they are a quality product. In my case, I actually needed medium or small to fit tight.
I've used thumb picks for over forty years on a variety of acoustic guitars.  My thumb nail can't pluck the strings when I damp them with the heel of my hand.  These are adequate in the sense that you can strike the strings with them and they stay on.  They have a dullish sound compared to my favorite, the long gone National clear thumb pick or the current Dunlop clear.  I like the sound of the Ernie Ball thin celluloid picks but they aren't strong enough to grip my thumb.  The major problem with these is they aren't large.  They're like most other brands' medium.  My thumbs aren't Tom Robbins huge, but my hands are bigger than average.  These picks cut off the circulation in my thumb if I use them for more than fifteen minutes or so.  I think I could brighten up the sound by sanding them down, but that's a lot of work for something this cheap.Don't buy these if you have a large thumb.  If you like a less bright sound, and some people do, and have a medium sized thumb, these might work well for you.
I like these, nice tortoise look with planet wave logo is nice, they have more flex than most which I also find suits me.They ride a little higher for me, which I also like, but if you like low, let's say midway across cuticle, may find a bit pinchy?  But I find the gauge suits me great and overall comfort is good, for my average thumb size.
I have an unusually wide and fat thumb, and though tight at first, all of them got comfortable after an hour of playing (each). No complaints
they are nice sometimes but not as comfortable the rest of the time. they are cheap and do exactly what they are supposed to do.
I did get 5 thumb picks in my order (a previous reviewer mentioned only getting 4), and I always really liked the classic turtle-shell look (far more purty-like than the plain, thick white of Nationals and others).  But these are large? And, yes, I double checked the packaging to ensure I was shipped large. The National mediums I was using before had a looser fit -boggle-.  But nevertheless, the Planet Waves' far tighter fit actually feel better than the National mediums, which certainly had a clunky sensation; there is probably a small weight difference between the two that would explain the overall feeling of quicker movement while having good solid interactions on the strings.  All in all, 4 stars.  Still... these were a large?  Hate to see how the mediums fit.
I should start by saying that I did not buy this from Amazon. Not that it's a bad price, but I got a discount on an open box demo unit at a local Guitar Center for $179.00. I've seen them cheaper for used ones, but I wanted a new one with a warranty.I am using this amp for an electric violin and for an acoustic violin with a pickup. I wanted the cleanest sound, with bare bones controls and that's what this little champ provides. Most of the time, I use it with the Gain on 1 or 2 and the Volume past 5.It's very cool that it has 5w, 1w, and .1w settings. I haven't seen that in any amp in this price range. The 1w setting is perfect for my studio, and the .1w setting is great for using with the headphones jack. The 5w setting can really crank out the volume.You could spend about $100 more and get a Vox AC4 series all tube amp. That's another amp I was considering. I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. But the Vox doesn't even have Reverb like the Bugera which has only a single pre-amp tube. And the Vox is 4w, while the Bugera boasts 5w.I know if I plugged an electric guitar in and cranked the gain I could get some lovely distortion, because I've tried that with the violin. The digital reverb has a spacious feel. I love reverb and wouldn't buy an amp without it.It seems to be built well and only time will tell if it holds up under daily use, which I plan to do. When it comes time to change the tube, there are many choices for a nice upgrade to something better than the stock Bugera tube. I've even read online where people drop in a different speaker, but in my opinion the Bugera 8" speaker is just fine and sounds like a bigger one.All in all, I'm very pleased. I also tried the Bugera V22 all tube amp at the same Guitar Center. But, that's way too much amp for me at this time. If I were to fill a large hall with sound, that would be the way to go. The V22 is sweet. I had never heard of Bugera until I tried that model and was really impressed. Another option is to unplug the speaker in the V5, (yes, the speaker has a plug and a jack!) and drive another speaker cabinet, which Bugera also makes. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack.The Bugera V5 is perfect for me, and I wouldn't go down to the smaller Bugera BC15. I think Bugera has hit the nail on the head with quality and value, and I'll be looking into other products made by Bugera/Behringer/Music Group. The seem to be all the same company.
This little amp gives a warm and gritty sound. Arrived in days and free ship (heavy little bugger). Small footprint allows me to place in my studio and get that deep sound like a big tube amp. Use a Shure mike at 2 feet and the sound is amazing. Recommend this amp for a small space or miked in small venue. Really happy with sound.
This amp really surprized me. It's made in china but it appears to be well madeand looks great. There is a headphone jack which is why I bought it.I would suggest useing a overdrive or distortion pedal. gain here isnt great reverb isnt great ether. But over all this amp is a most welcome deal. No transistor amp I own sounds as good. but I would suggest pedals
Once I read about the Bugera B5, I knew I wanted one.  Why futz with tube-like effects when you can have real, live tubes -- two in fact!  Only five Watts, yes, but that's still enough to fill a room.  But it's the extras that cinch the deal: this is built like a brick house -- you can jump up and down on it if you want to.  It has an internal cable for the speaker, so you can easily plug in a different cabinet.  Comes with built-in reverb.  Headphone jack standard.  Best of all: an attenuator, so you can get the cranked sound even at low volume levels.  Easily upgradeable -- I put new tubes and speaker into mine, though I probably didn't have to.  A small but effective little amp.Edit: I had modded my Bugera with a Jensen MOD-8 and used it for bass, but recently I found a source for Celestion Super 8 drivers and popped one of those in.  Amazing low-end output for such a small cab!
I admit I got this from Guitar Center on clearance, but over the past week or so I've had it, I just love plugging into it. I've got a great vintage larger amp, but would rather not lug it around for just small practice sessions, and I'm anticipating spending some time in apartment living, so I was looking for a small, tube-based amp. This thing gives great tone with both a Strat and a Les Paul clone, and an overdrive pedal works very well with it. Of course it's not too loud - that's the whole point! I should note that turned on it has a hum that my other amps don't have, but it's really low volume. Also, the tubes do take a minutes to warm up, and since it doesn't have a standby switch, you just have to turn down the volume knob before plugging in. But it just is great stuff to plug into something with solid tone without having to burn my ears (or those of anyone else). Great little amp.
This is a highly feature-full amp at this price point. I can get great clean, blues and heavy metal tones. Like most Line 6 products, some features are not highly apparent. For example, for extra gain, you can hold down the tuner button and turn the gain knob past 12 o'clock for a boost. This may not sound like much, but it really CAN change the tone, even on clean channels. On the crunch channel, for example, it gives the guitar an almost fuzz face overdriven sound (with my Strat). On the metal channels, it really drives the gain over the top.The tuner seems to work well enough and the included effects are OK. I decided to go with the cheaper FBV2 pedal (which is still over 1/3 the price of this amp!) and it really works well for home practice situations. One can switch between clean and metal, or clean and blues without too much trouble (one click). I think the pedals are too expensive personally, but they are well constructed solid steel and seem very durable. The cable is a simple cat 5 network cable I believe, so replacing should be trivial.I live in an apartment and this little 15-watt amp is WAY too loud to turn up past 1 or 2. It has a great tone balance (to my ears). It has corner protectors where even their flagship amp doesn't! Overall I recommend this amp to anyone looking for a cheaper home practice amp.
After registering the amp online (or by mail) you have access to 500+ backing tunes,with either drums or drums and bassline. You are able to select from different genres such as Rock, Blues, Country, Alternative and more. Along with this great feature, you can also take free lessons, from beginner to advanced. You can even get custom settings, giving you the sound of such great bands as Green Day, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and many more. Along with lessons, tabs, and the ability to loop any Jam Track, Spider Online adds more than even I immagined to this awesome amp!! If you're still hesitant about buying this or any other Spider amp, just buy it. I personally guarantee your satisfaction...BUY IT!! (no seriously, are you buying it??)
I've had this amp about a week now and I'm still finding cool things about it. The first thing I did was went through all the presets. I didn't like the clean channel,( it wasn't really clean) but I quickly found out how to set it like i wanted it (press the clean button then turn all the preset effects to 0 and then hold down on the clean button about three seconds until the lights blink and now it's really clean. You can also do this with all the other channels too! just set every thing like you want it and hold down the button on the channel you want and there it is. and don't worry, you can always reset it back to factory settings and start over. It's a small amp but it's bigger than I thought it would be. But the sound that comes out of that 8&#34; speaker is BIG!. I have been playing for about 30 years, and I know I could use this amp in a small club without running it into the PA. If you do need a little more volume, it has a line out so you can run it to the PA and have all the volume you want. I would buy this amp again if mine was stolen. Makes a great practice room amp. You can take it without all your pedals and still have all the effects you would need. For the price it's a bargain!
A good modeling amp. My only complaint is I didn't like the clean sounds not to my liking. Other than that an awesome amp.
I bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isnt too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?
I've had the amp for 2 months or so now and love it. It's choice of effects is thorough for a beginner like me. I don't have the greatest guitar ever but the sounds from the amp are clean and crisp. The choice of effects is nice with reverb, tremolo, delay, among other less-useful effects. The auxillary jack is also a great addition. The amp looks nice with the chrome knobs and is very simple to use.
This little amp is awesome, I once had a Peavey Bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful.
Hundreds of sounds to choose from.Tones, bands, specific songs, sounds.Built in tunerManually adjust Tone, drive, bass mid treble, gain pitch, chorus phaser tremolo, Tape echo sweep echo delay, reverb and master volumeMp3 inHeadphone / line outLoop recordingVery versatile and very fun.Twang to Slayer in a flip of a preset.
I got this amp recently, at a local store, and so far im loving it, i also aqcuired the MKII Foot Controller and is a perfect combination. Tons of sounds and it can be 100% edited to fit your demands. Nice volume coming out of it also, for 75 watts it seems more.Recommended
I don't gig. It is unlikely that I will ever play in front of a crowd. But if you're like me, play as a hobby and like to fart around with various sounds and genres, this amp is a blast. It is very likely that I will play a Johnny Cash song on Tuesday and a Metallica song on Wednesday. Pretty much just make sure your guitar is in tune and dial up the sound. No pedals, no hours of minor tweaks, just punch it up and learn the song. Virtually every genre is represented here. I also have to mention that although I like metal, I rarely play it. I prefer traditional R'n'R sounds and the Spider IV recreates tons of my favorites in addition to the high gain ultra noisey sounds. Even with the best modeling in the world, my Les Paul does not sound like a Strat being played through 65' Fender. It sounds digital. No getting around it.Something else that weighed into my purchase was durability. Although I only play for fun, I still play 2-3 hours a day. My 9 year old also is learning to play, so it gets a lot of use and moves from game room to garage to bedroom daily. The one thing that was common in virtually all of the reviews of Line 6 amps was that they were long lasting and durable. I have a family member that is a professional musician and one of his band members gig with the larger 120 just becuase they can take such a beating.Ultimately I decided that for the price ($300 at the time), I couldn't beat the Line 6. There is just no comparing a tube amp with effect pedals against a solid state modeling amp. They sound better, more prefessional. They are also designed to be played loud to get the most out of the tubes. Although the Line 6 sounds tinny and at max volume, for in home play, it sounds terrific. There are mountains of reviews that compare the Line 6 to Vox, Marshall or Fender. They are ALL better than the Line6, every one of them. But be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. Good amp, great value.
I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing.  Ultimately, my search was narrowed down to this Spider and a Fender Mustang.  After reading many Amazon reviews, I ultimately chose the Spider over the Fender because (i) I read that the Fender amps gave off a hissing noise, particularly with the clean channels, and (ii) the Spider had better rock/metal tones, which is one genre I play, among others.  Regarding the sound, it is unbelievable!  And, to be quite honest, I've only been using the presets!  The cleans are ultra clear, and the rock tones are amazing.  And, this thing is LOUD.  In conducting some internet research, having a mega-watted amp is not necessary and is, in fact, not recommended.  I discovered that the reason for this is because the "sweet spot" for the volume is going to be when the amp is about three-quarters of the way up.  In home practice, unless you aren't married and live in the boonies, you won't get there.  With live play, this could hold it's own and in the sweet spot.  As another reviewer mentioned, if you need something louder because you're in a larger venue, the amp will be mic'd anyway.One note...Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp.  I purchased theLine 6 FBV Express MkII 4-button Foot Controller, and I'm very happy with it.  I like the larger foot pedal switches on this 4-pedal switch, rather than the small buttons on the model up from that (a 6 button pedal board).Finally, I chose this Spider IV over the Spider IV 120 amp version, in part, because this Spider has a larger speaker (a 12") and the other Spider IV 120 watt model has two 10" speakers.  I feel that the larger speaker provides better lower tones.
Wow! This little amp packs tons of tone & sound. Hundreds of presets that are going to take some time to explore fully. The  clean channels are really clean & the dirty channels are just plain nasty. 75 watts is enough power to blow your socks off. Lots of bang for the buck here.
I own several tube amp combo and half-stack. However, I wanted a smaller, lighter combo that would be easy to transport and wouldn't need any pedals, but would also be loud enough to practice with a drummer. The line 6 spider IV 75-watt combo was the perfect solution. Up to this point I haven't been very impressed by solid-state technology. Sure, the cleans are glassy and crystal-clear, and some sound ok with the gain cranked and mids scooped at super low volume, but as soon as you turn up the volume a bit or try to dial in a smooth, bluesy overdrive, the sound turns to crap. Not so with the spider IV. I've been extremely impressed with all the different amp models. ALL of them. The different amp models each have their unique sound and characteristics, which means that your tonal options are literally limitless. I play mostly metal and hard rock, thougn I use less gain and more mids than is typical among players of the genre.I'd describe it as a hard rock tone with a vintage edge. And I was able to get that tone in less than a minute of fiddling. The tone in general is surprisingly warm and organic- very tube-like, which is a comparison that I don't make lightly. Additionally, the highs don't have that artificial "tinny" sound that so often occurs in solid-state. Solos and leads have more of the natural, smooth quality that tube amps are valued for.The effects are fun to play with, though I've never used many effects in my playing. I really like having multiple user pre-sets, so I can dial in the tones that I use the most and then switch between them at the press of a button. The artist pre-sets are cool; it's interesting to see Line 6's take on the sound of many popular bands and songs. Some are surprisingly good, like Cliffs of Dover, Master of Puppets, and Sunshine of Your Love, while others don't really sound like the artist, like Killswitch Engage.I'm also impressed with the quality of the celestion speaker that comes with the amp; it holds up pretty well even at higher volumes. The tone has continually improved as I've broken in the speaker.Just in conclusion, there's basically nothing this amp can't do at least fairly well. All the amp models actually sound good (can't say the same about my roland cube), and when you combine that with all the effects, tuner, mp3 connection, and user and song & artist presets, it's a winning combination. This will never be my main stage amp, but for practice purposes I couldn't be more pleased with the spider IV.*edited to add*: A few months later I bought the FBV express pedal board. It's a simple, affordable way to get more out of the amp by making channel switching easy and adding a volume/wah pedal. Especially if this is your main amp, I recommend getting a FBV pedal to go with it.
I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. Channel switching is a breeze, with almost no delay. The tuner works great as well, I tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. The wah volume pedal is very useful too, vol is good for fade ins or fade outs. The amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. And once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with Voodo Chile or Bulls On Parade. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. Overall though it's a good buy for your line 6 amp.
I bought this to use with a Spider IV 75 Amp, so far it works perfect. Provides effect control, loop control, tuner control, also has volume/wah pedal that works great. You can plug it into the PC and customize everything.Recommended!
The so called lower priced brother to the enormous Line 6 FBV Shortboard MKII pedal, while cut down still has a lot of the same features. Same quality build. Self powered when attached to my line 6 modeling amp (a real nice feature). One less power supply to hook up. Foot switches are easy to use. Built in tuner works great. The volume/wah pedal switching requires a little more effort than my old pedal but still does the job nicely with a firm forward press. Programming the pedal really allows you to fine tune four amp "sounds" and have them instantly available when you play (either at home or on stage).
Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead.
This is an essential accessory for the excellent Line 6 Spider IV combo amps,  For more details, see my review of the Line 6 Spider IV 75 watt combo.  The FBV Express Mk II is the least expensive pedal to give one full control over all basic and essential amp features. This pedal should have been ( or be) included with the amp but it wasn't.  Anyway, if you are considering buying the amp (which is great), you really will want to have this pedal, even though it costs 33% of the price of the amp itself.With the FBV Express Mk II you can store the 4 amp channels, each of which has its own settings for model and all effects, as well as control the 14 second looping ability of the Spider IV.  The pedal also adds a volume/way pedal (the wah pedal is OK but not as full-throated as a Cry Baby or other stand-alone wah wahs).  Without the pedal, you will not be able to access looping and channel switching in real time while playing (which is the whole point of this thing) unless you have more than the standard compliment of 2 arms, equipped with one  hand each.The pedal also interfaces with a computer to allow deep editing and storing of all of the effects of the Line 6 Spider IV combos through a USB port.  This feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp.J.M. Tepper
This foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!!
I really like this foot controller because you don't have to reach to the amp all the time to change channels. I wish i had the big USB cable but i can't find it in Walmart. This paddle used to make this annoying clicking sound but it's gone now. Anyway, this thing is nice if you're too lazy to reach to the  amp to change channels. I think the product should have been around $70-80.
I am proud to have this product. Fits my fender well looks amazing! Great quality in it also. I am pleased
Been ;'golding up' an 88 Strat Plus that has seen better days. Wiith the gold pick guard, tuning pegs, and jack plate - it looks like a custom shop job. This finished my hard work and I am delighted with the appearance. The goods are up to scratch and fit properly. Good service, product, packing and delivery time. Recommend them.
not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it
I have used alot of different mics over the years to mic drums, and this Microphone is actually good enough for vocals and sounds decent through my mixer..  I would reccommend this to anyone that is on a budget and wants a good peice of sound equipment.
This is a really nice microphone. It sounds really good and the worth far exceeds the minimal price. I would buy this again.
I'm surprised that the maker of Amazon's popular AT2020 would go this low.  The mic, imo, is fully-valued, even at its single-digit price.  It's "dynamic" rather than "condenser," but it still requires loads of power to get it up to workable levels (phantom power, which is a requirement for condenser mics, would probably not add sufficient heft). It's very lightweight and, with its optional plug and on/off switch, is versatile enough.  The quality of the sound, moreover, isn't bad--providing you can hear it.  Be prepared to have plenty of watts on hand to coax any appreciable sensitivity from this non-responsive creature.  (I haven't tested it for recording purposes.)  Despite appearances, this mic is no bargain.
This tuner requies an excellent ear although there is a green light o indicte a true tune.It is good deal for the money
It's about the size of a credit card, and half as thick as a deck of cards.  It's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it's supposed to do.  You can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable.  It has a switch to change between Bass and Guitar, and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.It also has a button to tune it down lower (5 half steps) so you can do some alternate tunings too.Lastly it has a button for &#34;Sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually.  The display is very fine and kinda hard to read, but it has lights above the LCD screen to show if it's flat, in tune or sharp, so you can focus on that if you have trouble.It comes with 2 AAA batteries.  I have no idea how long they'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later.
I've had one of these for several years and it has proven to be cheap, durable, and reasonably accurate.  I own several different tuners and what I like about this one is that the microphone works well and is accurate for tuning an acoustic guitar.  Batteries last a long time if you turn the tuner off after you use it.  At ten dollars, I think it's a no-brainer.  It's the perfect size and price to throw one in every gig bag you own.
Purchased this Korg Guitar and Bass Tuner for our son who uses it to tune his acoustic and electric guitar. He says its easy to use and is durable. It has LED lights to follow as well as a meter to use. Excellent product...highly recommend.
I got this for Christmas last year ,as a beginner learning guitar ,this is a must have , works really good had mine for a year and it is still working and hadn't had to replace the battery's yet,, and I tune my guitar every time I play,  well worth it,, its so easy to use,
Korg GA1 Guitar and Bass Tuner is a very good and helpful tool to any guitar player.Buy it, you will never regret.
I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes.. Easy to use and perfect size...
Wow! This tuner is currently the absolute best value in my home studio. It gets used daily! If you know anybody who has even the slightest use for this, get it! They won't be disappointed unless they tune below drop D.
I saw this tuner in the local music store for $30 and decided to order it here for $11. Within 5 minutes I had my guitar tuned and it sounds perfect. I compared the plug in tuning to the microphone tuning and it was identical! I honestly expected some variance but it was dead on. I have never heard my guitar sound so good. I am super impressed with this little thing. If ever I need another one, this is the only one I will get.
EXCELLENT Guitar Stand. I use it to cradle my Electric Guitar, it works beautifully. Easy to to find my guitar when I want it and easy to rest it when I'm done. All you have to do is find a less traveled corner and the problem is solved. Before this Stand I used to have to hang the E-Guitar which is a risk because Electric guitars are heavy, and a pain in the neck because I had to lift and aim to hang which way too much effort after one is done playing for 2 or 3 hours.
I was looking for a portable fold-up stand that I could take to gigs and searched around.  Found the Guardian at Amazon and thought for $10, how could I go wrong?  Oops! Wrong.  The stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but I found it next to impossible to get my Fender Jazz bass to stand up in it.  The lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow.  This is OK for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way.I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support.  Live and learn.
Had one of these before but had given it away when I gave my old guitar away...wanted one again so found this one and bought it. Works well!
I JUST BOUGHT A NEW GUITAR AND WILL BE BUYING ANOTHER ONE OF THESE.  THE PRICE IS GREAT AND IT WORKS!  VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STAND
Simply the best picks ever for Bass.  Recommended by Eric Friedman on a post and Im glad I followed the recommendation.  Cost Twice as much as Tortex picks so I use these Dunlop picks for gigs and rehearsal and use the cheap-o picks for my finger exercises
I love these picks.  They last a long, long time and are surprisingly easy to grip.  Currently my go to picks
Nice grip. Sound articulate. Durable. Nice!!!!! I own HUNDREDS of picks and this is my new favorite. I bought 2 gauges. Both are going to be used for years.
These pick have a permanent, fine coat of rough finish over the translucent material. It wears off and smoothens out around the tip on usage but that does not affect the tone. In fact, I found it increases speed. These are perfect for a fast-paced style of picking. The tone is bright and snappy!Good quality material ensures I won't be needing another set for a long time!
I like this product. The screen is big and easily read. The meter is responsive and lets you know via a the needle, the note (sharp or flat) and by the background color going green to red. It takes 2-3 seconds to 'hear' the string but then it locks right in for all notes, even the low E.  It's really easy to use and I'm really happy with it. Its so much better than my Korg CA-1.  The only suggestion for improvement would be another swivel. It takes a minute or two to figure out how to attach it to the guitar head and have the screen in the right position. An additional swivel would make it perfect
The tuning is accurate, the LCD screen is clearly visible, it works great!! I'm not sure about battery life, I haven't gotten there yet.
This tuner work well. one of the features is that when its not on one of the notes the full screen is RED. So it easy to quickly tune up.
works well but honestly there are better tuners for less money. But all in all works well. Good display and very easy to use.
The technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. Snark rotates to any position I want, but Intellitouch ends up being upside down. It works fine but it's inconvenient.
I have the PT2, which is not backlit, so I bought this one for use in dimly-lit venues. It worked great right out of the box: put in the battery, clipped it onto a standard acoustic guitar headstock, turned it on, and began tuning. The display is big ( 1-1/4" X 1-1/4 "), bright even in a bright room, and when the string is in-tune, the backlit background turns from red to green( like Christmas!). I put on a brand new set of strings, and used it to bring each one up to pitch. I found that plucking the string with your finger and then adjusting makes the tuner "waver" less, probably because fewer overtones are being produced. All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. I can use a pick to pluck the string as well and this device, after a very brief pause( less than a 10th of a second), gives me a reading or gives me the green. I don't use any of the other features. I also did not use it to tune any other stringed instrument.The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom.I would highly recommend this for a anyone looking to quickly tune-up a guitar in a noisy, dimly-lit room.Update-August 2012: Replaced the battery after 2 years, with a good quality Sony lithium, and the tuner is still going strong!
After online research, I decided to buy (and found locally) this midi pad to use in Reason 4. Although not confirmed (online) as working with Reason, I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems. My CPU is Windows 7, but it worked on my MSI netbook also. This unit also worked in Ableton Live (as stated online). I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs.
I own a Native Instruments Maschine Mikro...but find myself using this even more often. You can program it to whatever MIDI values you want. The pads themselves are as solid as devices several times more expensive.
I share most of the same sentiments.The pads are a little stiff, but this works, does the job and is such a small package!Fit's in my Macbook bag -
I love the pads and the knobs. I used it with Live 8. The software side requires a bit of configuration to work with some software, but ultimately was stable and functional EXCEPT...With my laptop, the USB power supply must be noisy, because the LPD8 will lose its connection and power if you even gently touch one of the cables--however, it works fine if I use a (very cheap!) powered USB hub in between. I suspect that it does not contain adequate filtering for the power supply. So it may not work in some configurations.Lose a star, because I really love it but in my configuration I am not willing to add a gratuitous USB hub and another wall wart to my road rig. Nice try, akai.[Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. If yours has this problem, send it back while it's still in warranty.So that's nice. Now it's really a great product that I can, um, sort of recommend to everyone. However, considering that AKAI "professional" has us doing their QC for them, I'd suggest saving the shipping box in case you need to return it for an exchange...at least for a few weeks.
This is a great little keyboard for use with GarageBand on the iPad. GarageBand recognizes it as a controller for the Keyboard, Smart Keyboard, Sampler, Smart Guitar, Smart Bass, and Drums. You can even solo on the Akai keyboard while the Smart Keyboard autoplays an accompaniment! In addition to offering the superior feel of a real keyboard, this Akai keyboard has much more consistent touch sensitivity than what's built into GarageBand for iPad.Unlike other keyboard controllers I've tried, this one plugs and plays with the iPad--no powered USB hub required. (You do need Apple's Camera connection Kit, of course, to add a USB port to your iPad.) It's not loaded with gimmicks--just the essentials, and the essentials work very well indeed. The keys are 85% of standard width, which is large enough for fumble-free playing. It's lightweight, compact and thus perfectly suited as an iPad accessory.
Still glad I have it -Would prefer to exchange a slightly larger package for full size keys, and the action is a little weak - less than 'synth' action..but it works great, weighs almost nothing and is ultra-portable.
I got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, Im hoping over time they will be easier to press
Once you install a full Dunlop Strap Lock on a guitar and strap, that strap becomes unusable on any guitar that isn't equipped with Dunlop buttons.  Since I only use about 3 straps but have more than 3 guitars, it didn't make much sense to buy full strap locks.  My only concern when I ordered these buttons was that they might not be exactly like the Dunlops and not securely keep the guitar and strap connected.These buttons look and act exactly like the ones that come with a full set of strap locks.  After testing a set, I have now purchased buttons for most of my guitars.  The side benefit is that they are fully functional when used with a guitar strap that is not equipped with the Dunlop locks.
Looks nice, hardware is good, and it works great on that extra guitar you might have without the need to buy the whole set. Now I have one strap and can swap guitars fast and not worry about dropping my guitar!
After lots of researching I finally decided to buy this Zoom pedal, so far it has worked great, has all the features mentioned, lots of great options, also a great guitar tuner. For those doubting, you actually can just plug your headphones in the output jack and practice without an amp, which was an amazing bonus for me since I've yet to buy my amp. 5 starts, totally recommend it for a begginers guitar effects pedal!
Comfortable and very nice fabric!! love it!! =) looks awesome with my white jackson! and u can also adjust it to your body =)
Great strap for the price. Absolutely no complaints/issues at all. Light weight but sturdy. I was able to put strap locks on this strap with no issues and it works great. Comfortable as well.
It does the job but it is a little low on the quality side.  Surprisingly it is not that stiff; not surprisingly I think that has to do with the quality/thickness of the leather.  I don't know if I'm slower than the usual folk but it took awhile for me to learn to adjust it; you have to remove the &#34;buckle&#34; strap to readjust the strap to length.Bottom line?  It works and I feel comfortable with it supporting my axe.
But dont let that deter you. That just means it will break-in that much more quickly. My favorite strap is not padded in any way, like this strap, but a little wider. I use this on a Telecaster and it looks nice and matches well with the color scheme of the guitar. I hooked a couple4pcs Round Head Strap Locks Black for Guitar Schaller-styleon it and away we went. The strap is made in Canada from decent quality leather(not bonded) and the gold Fender logo is understated, yet classy. It's a classic strap from Fender. What else is there to say?
Very beatiful and good quality. Nothing bad to say, it's a Fender strap with the hard rock leather look! Highly recommended!
Not much to say about a plain leather strap except that it's what I wanted and serves me well with the Fender guitar it's strapped to.
Very nice guitar strap. I bought it for my ukulele and it works fine. Good leather and believe it or not made in Canada not China! I would recommend this item for either guitars or in my case Ukuleles. Good value! Great seller and fast delivery. Thanks Amazon for a great product!
Plain leather. Looks good and has the Fender logo prominent. No padding, which may be a bit of a problem if you are playing long hours. I use it on a black and white Stratocaster and am happy with it.
This strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  I didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because I was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  If you have a heavy electric guitar, I recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  It would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad.
This is a nice strap.  It feels really durable.  I like the black side and the soft leather side.  It feels good around my shoulders
The Pyle-Pro PMKS8 mic stand is good for someone looking to buy on a budget. It's fairly solid, heavy enough to hold itself down, and is flexible enough to position the mic how you need it.There are a few issues, however. The metal neck is difficult to tighten onto its base without causing the microphone to be crooked. This means you have to choose between having a straight forward mic and having a mic which doesn't swivel around on its base. The mic holder has the same issue.I would not use this mic stand for an event where it's plainly visible to an audience. It is simply too difficult to position it to look good on camera.I would use this mic stand for personal voice recording an communication. It's great for a desk or a small recording studio.
Perfect for my obscure use.I discarded the mic clip (or more so, added it to my collection,) and attached a RAM mount to the gooseneck. Now I have a universal articulating mount on a flexible post. What to do with it? I use this contraption to watch movies on my ipod touch on long flights. No more holding a little phone-sized thing up to my face for hours on end. This stand and the mount get the small screen right up to my line of vision.
It's always been a problem trying to keep the Desk microphone in one place. Promblem resolved, by purchasing this stand my heavy Shure57 stays in one place. The only thing is I wish the flex was a little longer, about three inches would be great. But otherwise a wise and good purchase.
This is what it shows, a simple small mic stand that dont fall over. Good for table top, cajon hole by floor or recording.Its well made and works well.
I ordered this tuner so I could carry it around with my ukelele in a gig bag.  It's worked fine.  I've used it to tune a ukelele, a bass, and a guitar, and it works fine on all counts.  I have no complaints about it.
Easy to use and accurate. Only issue in tuning Drop d or b on a 5 - String bass... it takes longer to find the sweet spot to tune it. It tends to fall off quickly on low notes. Microphone works well for acoustic guitars.
I have a lot of guitar tuners in the house. I've had few handheld units, some apps on my phone, the Korg Pitch Black, some Fender thing, the Boss TU-3, and the TC Electronic Polytune. I can say that the only tuner that I prefer over this one is the Pitch Black. This little CA1 is actually faster and better than the TU-3 by a hair, and absolutely kills the Polytune in speed and accuracy. Korg really knows how to build their tuners, and this one is a truly great one. Works great for acoustic guitars as well as electric, and also does a fine job on basses, too. I don't know if it's accurate enough for a piano, but it is what it is.
I love thes, I keep buying them for every instrument I have, so I am never with out it...
I already owned two of these Tuners previously & purchased these for friends. They are great for jamming with friends & are so user friendly & accurate. What is really impressive is that they can stay attached to the headstock of my guitar whileplaying making touch up tuning a breeze. I love mine & so do my friends. In my opinion for the price they are hard to beat.
I have two of them.  One in the guitar case holding my Martin HD28 and the other in the case of my Blueridge flattop.  Just clip it on about the nut and tune away.  Pickers playing next to me don't interfere with me tuning.Works great!
This neat little tuner has it all.  It is cheap to buy at Amazon but delivers outstanding results on tuning.  Unlike some of my tuners, this one picks up all the notes easily and gives a smooth and accurate reading.  I love the way it folds flat so I can get my instruments in the case with it still clamped on.  I keep one on my guitar and another on my fiddle at all times.  There is no more forgetting my tuner or misplacing it somewhere and losing it.  It's a must have.  It was only about $15 at Amazon and worth many times that amount.
The Intelli IMT-500--The tuner that killed the Intellitouch!There are scores of chromatic tuners on the market.  Most work by using a small built-in microphone that picks up sound waves.  In order to be used effectively, the tuning space must be relatively quiet.  Many of these tuners have input jacks that allow electric guitars to be connected directly and tuned by the electronic signal they produce. A bunch of years ago a variety of clip-on-microphones began to be marketed.  The microphone could be clipped to any instrument and its cord attach to an electronic tuner.  Now, anyone could tune an instrument no matter what the background noise.Then, the Intellitouch tuner hit the market.  The entire tuner clipped onto the instrument.  One could tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment.  There was no cord to deal with and the instrument could stay clipped to the headstock or quickly removed and slid into a pocket or case.  Talk about convenience.  Jams and festivals (bluegrass, folk, whatever) became seas of Intellitouch tuners.Intellitouch owned the market even though there were so many situations where they did not work well. In particular, they have trouble with the bass notes of dreadnought sized guitars. The more overtones an instrument produces, the worse the tuner behaves. The bass string of a Martin rosewood dreadnought was near impossible to tune without using one of the many workarounds that owners developed.  So, it was very much a love-hate relationship.  The shortcomings were huge, but the convenience meant that they were tolerated.Then, came the Intelli.  It was an Intellitouch that worked, if not perfectly, then a whole lot better.  The amazing thing is that the switch from Intellitouch to Intelli wasn't gradual.  Within six months of its introduction, jams and festivals became seas of Intelli tuners.  People were throwing their Intellitouches into drawers (if they weren't lucky enough to find a die hard holdout willing to buy one second-hand) to get the Intelli.  That's a considerable investment to abandon.  But, why not?  The Intelli is half the price of the Intellitouch and works a whole lot better.  They are so inexpensive that it's easy to justify getting one for the practice area and one for the case so that you don't have to worry about forgetting to pack it.Anyone who will ever have to tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment will quickly find this tuner indispensable.  And it works darn well in a quiet environment, too!Highly recommended!
I'm taking my KORG CA-30, which has no backlight, slow reset time, and a ridiculous "stand" feature - put a business card in the slot in the back, and try to find a level surface for it to stand upon - and putting it in my sock drawer with my decades old guitar pitch pipe. Also going in there is my Intellitouch tuner, which drives me nuts with the arrows and does not fit securely on my fiddle.For my fiddle, mandolin and guitar, I'll use my just received Intelli IMT-500 which is very compact (great for fiddle/mando cases), which has an outstanding backlight, superb accuracy and quick resetting.The Intelli, in its own manufacturers box (which has no shock-absorbing material),was placed in a larger shipping box by the distributor/seller "The Instrument Store", without any shock-absorbing material, leaving the Intelli, a very sensitive electronic metering device,subject to vibration and shock during the long trip down the east coast.It would be good for Amazon to teach sellers the basics of proper packing for shipping.It's not rocket science.
... but not great either. The "needle" never seemed to stay still long enough to isolate the pitch. It also appears that the tuner wasn't reliable on the pitch end either. Recently ordered the red SNARK tuner here on Amazon, and I think it's much better- the Intelli does have the fact that it folds down snug against my guitar going for it- the snark is a little more bulky.Ultimately, the most important thing for me when it comes to tuners is accurate pitch, and readability- Snark wins out... this tuner works for sure, but I don't think it's the best out there.The Snark is cheaper too!
Bought this rosin to see how I would like it.  I have a very light hand on the bow, so I like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  This is not.  Since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error.
What can you say about Rosin?  This rosin seems to be better than the cheapo kind I had and so I feel it is worth the extra money.
I have tried several rosins for my violin.  Of all of them, I especially like L'Opera Jade.  It leaves very little rosin dust on the violin.  Yet it gives you the tone quality you are looking for.
Very nice product and fits well and good quality. It's held up to my daughters abuse and recommend to everyone.
When playing an electric &#34;bodyless&#34; violin, that hurts the collar bone.  You MUST have one of these.  It changed the whole way I play now.
This shoulder rest is sturdy and remarkably easy to install on the fiddle. No adjustment is required once it is set for the instrument's size (3/4 or 4/4 -- arrived set for 4/4). It simply snaps on to the outer rim of the back, and the rubber feet keep it in place. Good value for the price.
I didn't use this a lot because it was a little uncomfortable. But is a well made product if you use it for what it's for.
I like this pedal.  Its rugged and has a great range of tonal capabilities and rips for hardcore metal.  That being said, the blue LED while cool looking is actually blinding and I found myself placing a finger over it to just see the friggin' knobs for adjustments.  I guess that is a pretty weak complaint but IMO it's an impediment more than an enhancement.  Also the Gate and Scoop buttons feels pretty flimsy to me... which is not expected at this price point.  A moot point because I am not using the Gate at least as IMO it was &#34;weird&#34; in its Gating execution, sounded kind of like a very rough algorithm is being used instead of a nice smooth curve.  But all in all this thing tears it up in terms of pure shredding tone.
This pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. I would personally recommend the Electro-Harmonix Metal Muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price.
Tis pedal really did for me what I wanted which was kick my little combo in the butt. Hard rock and heavy metal, classic metal is where it shines. I don't mess with the noise gate so I can't really comment on that. but everything else is first rate
good tone but dicey controls. Like the features especially the noise gate but do not use the scoop very much.
For those that want to record(I use Adobe Audition) this item is good for recording.I use to use my sound card. This provides a smoother sound and I don't have to worry about hissing when I record.You can just plug in your guitar or bass.Here is a letter I wrote to Tascam:On humble advice I would forward this email to all of your subsidiaries any retail store that sells Tascam USB audio devices! Anywhere in the world.Just today I got the new Tascam US-100 USB audio interface. It of course uses the Windows audio drivers. A nightmare occured. When I plugged in the device Windows XP had the usual "detect USB device" come up. But to my horror it wound up saying "A hardware problem occured your hardware may not operate properly" something of that sort.I spent over 4 hours trying to figure this whole thing out and I read the manual it came with. Tried all sorts of things oh brother! It still would not install. By the way this happened with a previous USB audio device, not made by Tascam, that did the excact same thing on my computer.But to my luck I found out what the problem was! Thank God for the website that had this on a blog!:In the c:\windows\inf folder there must exist two files:wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNFIt is really the .inf file that is important. Some software  seems to knock these out by renaming them to:wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bakI simply found the files, opened them and renamed them to the proper names. And lo and behold when I restarted my computer the Tascan US 100 worked!Its easy to rename the files you just open wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bak and  then save them as wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNF.Its that simple!!Anyone who works customer service for Tascam should know this. Like I said it happend with a previous USB audio device that I had and I woulnd up selling it at eBay cause I was so frustrated.I'm happy with the Tascam US 100.I hope this helps if your audio does not work on your computer. And it did the same with a USB phone.
This Tascam "US-100 USB Audio Interface" is exactly what I was looking for to record from our wireless mic with XLR outputs, directly to my PC video editing software. We professionally produce instructional videos and needed this for "voice over" work on existing footage. Before getting this convenient little unit we had to record into a camcorder and then import it into the PC, so this saves us a step when we only need to record audio. Here are my observations:+ Plug and Play; connected to my PC via USB and was instantly recognized+ USB Powered; no external power needed, a big plus when using my laptop+ Good Sound; clean and clear input+ Multiple Inputs; XLR, 1/4 Mic, RCA stereo line, and "Hi-Z" GuitarMisc:- XLR input is not powered (not a problem for us)- Includes "Audacity" software, but we did not need to load itHighly Recommended!CFH
The US-100 works fine for my needs: rough and ready audio tracking with 32-bit Cubase 5 on 64-bit Windows 7. My PC is for general-use with a non-studio configuration (no mixer, non-phantom power mics, headphone monitoring).If you're buying for a studio setup requiring phantom power or multiple inputs, you'll need a separate mixer and/or standalone phantom supply. From the mixer you can cable to the US-100's line input via RCA jacks on the back.There were a couple of hiccups during setup, but I don't blame the device. It uses stock O/S drivers that loaded right up. The documentation is minimal and only covers up to Vista, but it's accurate and you'll manage with Win7. On the Windows side make the USB AudioCodec your default recording and playback device to override any onboard or card-based audio and speakers (I have Realtek onboard and 2.1 desktop speakers).I'm using ASIO4ALL with Cubase and Cubase crashed a couple of times while configuring VST connections and I/O busses. Once configured however, it's been solid.I'd recommend checking out user forums for your particular software/platform to find similar gotchas and to set your expectations.On an XP machine, changing the default sound devices often means the hassle of toggling settings before and after launching the DAW. On Win7, once I unplug the US-100, the settings revert nicely to my desktop speakers. If I plug the US-100 back in, the settings revert again - very reliable. Even better, if I want to use Cubase strictly for MIDI, the software detects the change and I don't have to reconfigure connections or busses. That may be a function of Cubase, so again it pays to research your particular software.While the US-100 is connected, you'll hear nothing from your computer speakers and have to rely upon the US-100's headphone jack or audio out RCA jacks. This is where the balance control is very helpful. It's not a pan, it's a center position gain mixing the computer's output (from within your DAW as well as outside system sounds) with direct monitoring of your input signal. Very simple to use for overdubbing. Some people may prefer a hard left/right pan while overdubbing: I can live with the center mix though a switch to toggle a true pan would have been a terrific feature.If you do want desktop speaker playback after your tracks are done, there are a number ways to go: 1) Unplug the US-100 and restart your DAW. 2) Run a cable from the RCA outs on the US-100 to the mini-jack aux in on your desktop speakers 3) Run a mini-jack extension cord from the headphone jack on the US-100 to the aux-in.While using the headphone jack, the RCA audio outs are muted and vis-versa. Rather than having to pull out the headphone I would prefer a push switch that toggles the front to back output, but I can live without it.Again, the US-100 works great so long as your needs meet its capabilities. You can't rely on the product description or packaging to answer that. Fortunately there's enough user-information out there for just about any setup it shouldn't be difficult to track down.
although the quality is obviously not that of a studio, this guy serves it's purpose and i am not dissapointed in buying it. i use it when i mess around in garageband, and it does a very good job for not being an expensive peice of equipment. it's also very easy to use, and the USB cord is super easy for using witha laptop or computer. plus, you canplug your headphones in and listen which is always a plus.
got this to run instruments into my comp to use with sony acid, and this works well. I had problems with the sony acid (latency, boo) and while I downloaded an asio program to cut the latency, I don't use it really now, but is good to have when and if I use the sony for recording and not just mixing. the stereo sound on this is great, like true guitar stereo.
I'm sick of protools and I wanted to find something cheap and easy until I could afford to upgrade to some real equipment to use with cubase.  This unit fit the bill and has decent reviews so I went for it.I'm using it to record guitar and vocals and it does the trick.  The problem is that it records a lot of hum and white noise when using the xlr input.  I've tried every variation possible to make sure the problem isn't external to the unit.  I even tested the exact same mic + cable input into my MBox with protools and got a clean recording.  I actually like this unit's "tone" better than the mbox - it seems more transparent.  If not for the hum, it would get 5 stars.Unfortunately, hum is a pretty big problem.  The hum isn't loud enough to ruin your recording of only one or two tracks.  If you start layering, though, you can quickly be overtaken by white noise.  I even tried moving the unit onto a different electrical circuit and still had the same problem.So, it works for rough stuff for your own use but I wouldn't use it for anything you plan on passing around much.
Can't get your banjo to sound right without a great set of finger and thumb picks. have been using these for years now.
There is no doubt about it, National fingerpicks are pretty much the standard.  The metal fingerpicks are rock solid, sturdy-gauge steel.  The plastic thumbpicks match tone very well.  And, note that unlike what you may read in another review, they are adjustable.  You just need to heat them up in some hot water and bend to fit.  On my resonator, these provide a full, loud sound.  The only reasons that for me these don't rate 5 stars are that (1) the Pro-Pick F Tone fingerpicks I usually use provide much more of a sense of feel, and (2) the National fingerpicks have a tendency to be a little noisier than the Pro-Picks on the guitar's unwound strings.  Even though I like the National metal fingerpicks much better than plastic fingerpicks I've used, and even though they produce more fullness than the Pro-Picks, for me the sense of feel that I get from the open-finger design of the Pro-Picks trumps volume.  This is important to keep in mind for players whose only fingerpicking experience is with fingers alone.  Players who are already used to metal or plastic fingerpicks should give the National picks strong consideration.  They are solid, sound great, and this packaging of them is excellent!  By the way, the bonus pick is cute (and will go in my logo pick collection), but it's a very thin gauge to be useful to me on anything other than electric guitar.
Just want to reiterate however what another review mentioned... the thumbpicks both came in medium, which at the time I didn't pay any attention to.  However, after about 3 weeks of using them (and the fingerpicks) on my banjo, I came to the conclusion that I needed a large size for my thumb (the mediums sat a little too high up my thumbnail for comfort). I suppose you could put them in hot water to "stretch" them out as I have read, but regardless, for a quick-n-dirty set for someone just starting out, its just the ticket without having to buy a bunch of sets of 12 to figure out what is comfortable.  With price/assortment in mind, I give 5 stars.
Nice accessory, hold plenty of sticks, and the angle makes it easier to get to them quickly.
I brought this for my husband drum set. He loves it . It is made very nice . I&#34;am happy.
Sticks are well organized and always in reach.  This is a must-have item for drummers and the well-organized.  It fits the set perfectly and is quite practical.
it fits almost anywhere and looks cool, holds all my drumstick and whatnot, i would recommend it to anyone that needs a place for there sticks
Brass Tacks: is this the greatest mic in the world? No. But on a budget this mic is AMAZING. The lows and highs sound great and the mids sound well fleshed out. If you are looking for s nice rich sound, this is it.If you want to upgrade from a headset, cheap mic, Blue Yeti, or AT-2020; buy this mic and an audio interface. You won't regret it.
I compared this to a C1 which is pretty good for half the price.  I also tried two MXLs.  One V63.  This is much better hands down even if it costs 2x as much.  I noticed the difference on guitar.  On vocal it picks up a fair amount of noice around you.  But I realized that it's normal and the other mike just didn't pick stuff up which is worse.  The MXL v67g sounded warm on vocals and not too bad on guitar but if you got too close it gave you this fake low voice and that's just like taking the AT2035 signal and modifying it after you've recorded it.  Besides the bright green and gold was a little too much for me.  I tried the CAD M179.  That did better on the treble side but seemed to miss the mids.  I heard the AT2020 wasn't as good as the AT2035 so I went for it.  And it's more than the switches difference which I don't use anyway.  I didn't like the switches on the CAD M179 either.  It's confusing and I do gain or filter in my DAW.  I considered the NT-1 but at 80 bucks more than the 2035 it seemed like they were very similar.  At the end I'm satisfied with the 2035.  It's a work horse and costs a fraction of the more popular studio amps that have only a subtle difference to me.  I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's.  But this time I caved in because I don't see anything that competes at my price range.  For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same.  I can record my acoustic or electric guitar out of the cab or sing in it.  My challenge is to not get it to record echo in my room.  I've removed the door on my closet, put a shower curtain with a down comforter on it and record in there.  Ridiculous setup but I've save hundreds in insulation costs and hours of doing that.  For most vocals recording I don't use the closet.  Just use refir and some recording tricks to remove any unwanted noise.  So if things don't change this is my choice for best vocal and instrument microphone in the 100-250 price range.  Nice solid construction and vibration mount included.  It's rugged and I like it.
I write and record my own music.  I use this microphone for vocals and acoustic guitar.  I replaced the cable that came with it with a Mogami and it sounds great.  Crystal clear and it doesn't color the recordings.  It will pick up ambient noise from the front, but that's to be expected.  It does a pretty good job of blocking ambient noise from the back.  Be sure to get a pop filter to go with it.
what part u dont likeyo u  can use eq to wash it a bit awayit is quite good...CAN BE QUITE SIBILANCE PRONE, so beware...ehso for the priceHighly recommended...in these price ranges..stick to known brandslike shure, ev, at, etc...then come the newbies,a few models from mxl, etc etc...have fun
This this is great.  It is my first condenser mic, and at $149 it is a steal.I've always used Shure or Heil mics that cost over $250... This mic in a studio application smokes them.  It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it.  But if you really want to be amazed, do an A/B comparison.This mic has convinced me to  purchase the Audio-Technica  AT4040.  Cant wait to get it and I will review it also.
Enjoyable mic, has a decent frequency response range, nice patterning to not pick up too much ambient room noise. I usually have to do some post-processing on vocals, but in the genres I work in that's not exactly a rare thing. Either way sounds way better than I would expect for a mic at this price. Haven't tried it for drums or guitar *yet* but I'm impressed with it's ability to accurately capture vocals. While it doesn't have the warmth that some mics relay, I prefer it that way. It leaves a really clean, if slightly cold/flat feeling, that can then be warmed up in post production nicely.Good value for the sound, no complaints with the shock mount. Though make sure to be cautious with your mic placement, get a pop filter, and if you have a room with lots of ambient noise don't be shocked if it picks some of it up. All in all a good deal.
I've been nothing but pleased with this pedal so far. I use it boost my jazz bass to the same volume level as my precision.  It does the job perfectly.  The LED is REALLY bright, which for me is a good thing, but others might find distracting.  Also, it would convenient if there were external switches instead of internal dip switches for varying the settings, but in such a small footprint, there are bound to be tradeoffs. I'd buy this again for sure.
Look no further this is the best Booster with an internal EQ, what else can you ask for? Go for it, if you need a versatile small booster, it comes with a 9v battery
As soon as I kicked this pedal in at unity gain, the difference was obvious.  I am most please at the boost feature which is amazing for one important reason: the noise level is nothing like what I was expecting.  I keep my amp clean & I found that even at around 11:00 the noise was still almost unnoticeable. At noon & up it's there until you start playing but even then, it's still much lower that the guitar. There's also an almost expander/exciter FX going on which is very noticeable, especially when I compared it to my BBE FREQ BOOST. First rate pedal!
This is a very simple boost with a small footprint that fits nicely on the pedal board ... I like the simplicity and the ability to set the dip switches to my liking ... I find that with humbucker pickups it adds just the right, very slight tone coloration that both fattens up the sound and gives it just the right sparkle ... I don't use it much with single coils since they don't seem to benefit as much from the coloration or the treble boost ... it is a good pedal to have on board when you need that little something extra to get the right tone ... built solid ... a quality pedal that should hold up well ...
It just arrived to day and seems well-build.  Haven't tried it yet.
My always on pedal. This pedal's amazing. You really should try it yourself to understand. I'm using a Fender Jaguar, this thing is married to it. I'm serious, try it before you die!
I bought this boost to use in one specific situation. When playing a lead line with my bridge pick up with the tone knob all the way down, my volume drops quite dramatically. This boost does what it says it will do to remedy that, but it also seems to add a lot of noise. When the boost is off, my super high gain Fryette Deliverance 120 is very quiet when I just hold my hand over the strings. I'm using a 2010 LP Custom with a stock 490R pick up in the neck and 498T in the bridge. When I turn on the boost I immediately hear a lot of extraneous hissing and noise. When playing it isn't so bad, but I definitely am not used to so much extra noise. There are a couple of adjustment switches inside, and I haven't fooled with those yet, but I'm definitely going to do that. This boost will prob help guys with lower end gear get a better sound, but if you've already got pro quality stuff I don't see too much of an advantage here.
I have been tempted to buy this pedal for a long time after looking at all the rave reviews.I already have an MXR line booster at the end of my pedal chain into my amp. This serves to give back the lost treble and shimmer after a long cable run. Replacing that with the EP booster did not have a significant impact on my tone. Yes it was a little colored, but not too different from the line booster.If at present you have no boost after your pedals and have a long cable run, yes definitely this pedal will make a world of difference by adding the top end back to the signal. I didn't find it magical though, because I've always had a boost at the end of chain and this was not much different.I am going to experiment with it in the effects loop to add a boost during solos.
Despite the sensitivity of a compressor microphone I still use this to record heavy metal guitar. Only thing is I use a small amplifier, only a fifteen watt Line 6 spider 3. I can keep the volume down so the neighbors do not hear my guitar. Anyways, the only thing is when I use recording software I have to not record the guitar too loud. And oh my it records good! Now I no longer have to record straight into my computer where I get all loud over compressed guitar sound. I can record with drum loops and with the microphone it goes into the computer and I no longer get the loud over-compressed guitar sound that I never like very much. Glad I purchased this. For those who would try this for guitar, remember this is a sensitive compressor mic and you will get a very loud recording you will not like. So you just record as quietly as you can. This mic is sensitive! But oh boy I like it! Man I can play for hours and the guitar goes way better with the drum loops. And as I said before the amp is not gonna be loud enough to bother the neighbors. A good buy well worth the price.
I am not a sound guy - I just wanted something to plug in and record my practice sessions. This is vastly better than any webcam or communications microphone for recording instruments.The four direction settings are fun, though I find myself using the stereo or cardioid settings the most. The no-delay headphone jack is great. I was impressed the first time I plugged everything in and tried it out - it's nice to hear how my playing sounds from an outside standpoint.Setup was easy, and quick. I have experienced a few times when plugging it in registered it as a recording device, but failed to actually use it. This may be a windows problem, and fixed itself eventually.I am quite happy with the build quality. The base is hefty and wide, planting the mic firmly. The body and buttons are plastic, but solid, they don't feel or look cheap.
After 1.5 years, this microphone has lasted me a VERY long time and has stayed a fantastic microphone. As I am getting more serious with voice over, I am moving to better equipment, but as a starter microphone/ microphone in general: It deserves a nod of approval. Definitely a fantastic purchase, very happy with it!
I have used many microphones, from  expensive Neumanns, Sennheisers, Sure, AKG to the less expensive Berringer B2 Pro and Sony. I spent over 8 years in professional radio and 30 plus years doing voice over recording and sound mixing, so I have heard and used all types of mics and I have to rate the Blue Yeti at the top of my list for many reasons. First is sound quality, all the patterns have a smooth, open sound, the cardioid pattern has added richness for voice over work, comparable dare I say to a Sennheiser or Sure. The sound in all the patterns was not colored or muted at any frequency level, which what is I was expecting in the stereo mode, but in that pattern, voices sound great and an acoustic guitar sounded rich, plucky and natural. Next is the construction of the mic and stand, from the pictures I was expecting plastic, nope, it is made of very solid metal , except the buttons and switches. Third is the versatility, you can record almost anything in any type of circumstance not just adequately, but with excellence, try that with a $2,000.00 Neumann! The set up could not be easier, just plug it into your USB jack and let her rip. I only paid $100.00 on Amazon,a true bargain, for what is a top notch piece of gear, where the engineers of this product really took their time to design something of real quality and looks like a piece of art. The Yeti also stands up to audio processing, where I have to say all of the other mics I have used for under $200.00 show their weaknesses. The only thing I would like to see is a shock mount made for this mic, it is just too big for all of my other mounts, but the Yeti does not seem to pick up as much vibration from the table as other mics do (I also use a slab of 1/4" neoprene padding to absorb some table shock), and the Yeti has no real audible self noise. If you want a great microphone at an incredible price, the Blue Yeti is the one for you!Addendum 9-30-2011My complaint about the shock mount has been resolved, with the Blue Radius, which I received a week ago from Amazon, which I love. Makes this great, and I mean great microphone even better. I have done side by side comparisons to the Neumann U87, the Sennhieser D421, the Lawson L47, all top notch and very expensive studio mics. The Yeti sounds as good. Of course you have to learn how to work a microphone properly to get the right sound. I cringe at some YouTube demos of this mic, some of the folks are not using this, and I'm sure other mike's correctly to get the best sound. Also the more I use the Yeti, the more seasoned it becomes, in comparison recordings done a year ago, the Yeti seems to get a smoother sound, as time goes by.
The latest addition to my desktop is the most flexible recording device I've yet found: The Blue Microphones Yeti USB Microphone. Long known for their line of high-end condenser microphones, Blue is increasingly known for their computer-ready USB microphones, like the Snowflake and the Snowball, and the Yeti is their latest and certainly greatest computer-ready microphone yet.Advertised as the first fully THX-compliant (a standard devised by Lucasfilms) microphone,  the Yeti is a large (12" tall on its removable stand), hefty, multi-pattern microphone suitable for recording, podcasting, or any other computer-related audio activity. It features four switchable patterns- omni, carodid, figure eight, and stereo- a built in headphone amplifier, gain control, headpohone volume, and a mute button. For even more flexibility you can remove it from its desk stand and mount it on a standard 5/8"microphone stand or boom.And it sounds great, too- even better than their well-regarded Snowball series. I've been using it for recording music practice, building tracks with Audacity on my Windows and linux boxes, and with Apple's GarageBand, and making calls with Skype. The ability to record in full stereo or mono is a real plus. Up to now I've been using a variety of microphones together with various microphone preamps and an A/D converters- a mass of cables and power supplies that bad enough on the desk, but a real hassle when trying to use with a laptop away from home. The Yeti has it all in one package. It may not sound quite as good as a multi-thousand dollar condenser microphone and vacuum tube preamp, but for the money it simply can't be beat.
I was looking for an affordable mic enabling me to make announcements from a home computer that would approximate, if not be indistinguishable from, the audio quality of the heavy-duty Shure microphones used at WGTD FM HD.  All the mics that I had previously tried at this price point and lower, including Blue's "Snow" line, sounded overly treblish, with pronounced sibilance (listen to the comparison-contrast provided by the first reviewer in his video demonstration).  By contrast, the Yeti is rich and resonant, and its sensitivity permits using it without benefit of a pop filter.  Short of spending 4-5 times more, I'm convinced this is the best option in my particular case.At the same time, as a musician without a home studio I seriously doubt I'll make much use of the mic for performance or recording.  As far as performance goes, the very size and conspicuousness of the unit could compromise presentation, upstaging the performer (at least a vocalist with a normal-sized head).  And for traveling purposes, I've found the Sansom Go mic to be the best fit with a laptop computer (even though Blue's literature shows the Yeti alongside a laptop).Blue appears to be trying to have it all ways with this product.  Its size and weight are likely to attract buyers as well as provoke reservations--perhaps leading some purchasers to complement what strikes me as a home studio mic with one or more of Blue's lighter, more compact microphones.  Its onboard amplifier and circuitry are convenient and permit unprecedented versatility.  But as other reviewers have mentioned, the volume, gain, and pattern knobs are rather loose, allowing for lateral and vertical as well as the expected rotating movement.  The knobs turn effortlessly but not with the ball-bearing smoothness one might associate with ultra expensive professional equipment. There's the slightest hint of resistance at one point in the gain control's circular movement, but it's not at the 12 o'clock position, so it's difficult to say whether or not the knob is intended to have a mid-point for quick and easy assessment of positioning.In sum, the Yeti should please anyone who wants to broadcast or record a fuller and richer sound than that previously attainable with comparably-priced mics, and it should prove a useful (not to mention handsome) addition to any home studio.  It's still a bit early to make any pronouncements about the worthiness of this imposing metal humanoid as a road warrior.  It's main competitor on Amazon--the Audio Technica AT2020--is pint-sized compared to the Yeti, and I'll confess I'm still not sure whether I made the best choice (the 2 mics have been alternating in the 1 and 2 slots of best-selling mics on Amazon for 3 months now).  I wish there were some direct reviewer comparisons to indicate whether the AT's relative compactness and light weight come at a compromise--however slight--to audio quality.[I experienced initial hesitancy on Yeti's part to make an appearance in the Input and Output panels (in System Preferences) of my iMac. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Plugged directly into a USB port on my computer, Yeti immediately sprang into action. My hunch is that a good, powered 4-port hub would be equally effective.]
This is a good quality microphone. The sound quality is good in the various modes, although I have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. It's easy to set up. Under Windows 7, all I had to do is plug it in. The instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for Windows Vista and XP. The instructions for Vista are mostly accurate for Windows 7, but I found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. Also there is no driver supplied by the company. The Microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. But it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure Windows ones. Also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. It's just a matter of attention to detail. The instruction manual is in English and French, but the warranty information is in French in both places. They both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the Los Angeles area. There's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate US law so I have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.The only real negative I experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. I'm using a fairly standard Logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when I typed. I unplugged the USB cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. Repeating the process yielded identical results. After rebooting the computer, the problem went away. Hopefully there won't be long term issues.The bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. It will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if I were sitting two feet in front of it. That's with volume settings that work clearly when I really am two feet in front of it. The down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. But those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself.
This is a clone of the boss compressor and works just as well as far as I have been able to tell as the original. being the owner of both I would have to say if you're not too stuck up about brands then I would go with this if you like the boss cs3 but many people say that bosses compressor is not that good I know some compressors do seem to be a little more natural sounding however that is just preference it does what it needs to chicken picking or just crispening up your sound its plastic but nothing is unbreakable so use some sense don't hit it with a hammer or JUMP on it and you'll not break it I've had no problems with behringer but heard great things. The cost is so low anyhow so who cares anyhow.
The title says it all.  Great performance, sub par construction.  I bought this pedal for the compression and sustain, though, and am very pleased.  I use it for both bass and guitar, and it processes the signals well.  I am sure it would work well for other instruments or on recordings also.  Cheaply made, though.  I removed a spring that was seemingly attached to nothing inside the unit.  The removal stopped a terrible clicking noise that would have been audible from the stage floor.  Plastic encasement means the unit will likely suffer noticeable wear and tear throughout its lifetime.  Wish it was better made.  Audio reproduction is great!
I've been trying to get a specific sound for quite a while now. This pedal completed that task. It's hard to describe the sound that this pedal provides but it is perfect. Very punchy and crisp. You can't go wrong with Behringer pedals. They are plastic though, so they might not hold up under heavy road use, but for home studios they are perfect. Highly recommended.
Noisy as any compressor but after using it I don't wanna go back to not having one for my setup.
There's not much to be said about this pedal: it just works. It's my fourth cheapy Behringer pedal and I have been pleased with every one of them. This pedal is great for tweaking your sound to get it juuuust right. I play punk, blues, and country, and this pedal helps me obtain the entire range of sounds necessary for my various styles. Even on a cheap amp (upgrading to a Marshall next month), this gets the job done. People who complain about the plastic casing are just looking to whine, imo. It's a good solid plastic that holds up well, and if it drops the price to $20 instead of $50, that just makes Behringer effects more accessible than that other brand.
Behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals. I have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer. It is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting. I've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing, but it's hard to beat the price features and quality of the Behringer pedals.
A bargain at the offered price.  Gives you virtually unlimited sustain.  It is a good cheap addition to my effects board.
What more can you ask for at roughly $25.00. This is a very useful guitar compressor. It is a simple compressor, that's it. Easy to understand with responsive controls.I use compressors quite a lot. In my PA rack I have a Yamaha rack compressor and an Alesis rack compressor. In my home studio there are compressors in my 24 track DAW and in my computer I have the T-Racks Deluxe mastering software with several VST classic analog compressors like the Pultec as well as VST optical compressors. I only mention these as a way of saying that I am very familiar with compressors and adept at using them. I have a pretty thorough understanding of compression ratios,attack and release points and I have learned to use them sparringly and with care. The Behringer CS400 does a good job as a straight guitar compressor. It is usefull for taming levels from your guitar and boosting your signal which adds punch to the signal presented to your other effects and ultimately to your amp. In recording circles you often hear good engineers say that if they can hear the compressor working, it's not being used correctly. The Behringer CS400 is quiet, almost transparent (unlike the Behringer DC9 I discuss below). Yes, it is plastic but it's fairly well made and unless you are really rough on equipment with a little care it should last a few years. If you are putting it into a pedal board it should last a long time.If money is not a concern go ahead and spend more on a rugged pedal made of metal but expect to pay somewhere around $75-$100.00 and up (Keeley,MXR, Digitech, etc.) Unless you go over $100.00 I don't think there will be a difference in performance and even then it will be subtle. If your signal path aready has hum and static, this pedal will not change that and actually may increase it because that's what compressors do-lower high signals and bring up lower signals for a more uniform sound. If you want to just smooth out your peaks and tighten up your sound with more punch, this little Behringer CS400 will do it.(Behringer also makes another compressor pedal in the same price range the Behringer DC9. It is all metal and attempts to clone the classic MXR pedal. I personally would stay away from this pedal for live use. I bought one and found that although it gives you great sustain it also colors your tone and seems to attenuate your low end quite a bit on the higher compession ratios you need for long sustain. You can dial in more low end on your amp but if you expect to turn the compressor on and off on different songs you will hear a tone difference. I don't use the DC9 when I play live but I like it on my guitar when I record using my VOX VT30 amp. I like it better than the built in compressor on the VT30).
Behringer products are good for the semi-pro.Nothing fancy about the compression; most amp emulators have good compression but lack true sustain at low gain/volume.This is good for getting that extra decibel or more of boost to carry those notes longer.Doesn't sound good playing fast.The CS400 shines with the longest lasting sustain you can get in a $25 pedal.
While the case is made of plastic, the construction is solid and seems very durable. My disappointment is with the sound. I never could dial in a sound that made me feel like it enhanced the sound of my bass. It was just different. I've switched to using the built-in compressor in my Digitech BP90 instead.
I got these because they were recommended replacements for the Fostex T50RP.  They fit great and are far more comfortable than the stock pads.  For the price, they are worth it.
I have used these pads on numerous non-Shure headphones like the fostex trp50 and the hifiman he-500 and I have to say that these are by far the best , most inexpensive solution to any headphone they will fit.  They ave made the sound quality better on each headset that I have put them on, and they are softer and more comfortable than any other replacement pads I have tried in the price range,  Highly recommended!
It's tough to shell $85+ for a pedal that is not an effect, but now that I've had it for a few weeks I'm glad I bought it. Although my guitars pretty much stay in tune, warmer weather and humidity levels affect my guitars and they change a little while I'm playing them. The Boss TU-3 is bright and easy to read and keeps me it tune all the time. When you play in a band, you got to have a pedal tuner and you can't go wrong with Boss.
I've owned many tuners through the years and I keep coming back to this one. buffer mutes when you play and the quality is great for this price point
I know spending this kind of money on a pedal that doesn't even add an effect to your tone sounds pretty crazy, but this is definitely worth it. If you think about it, when your guitar is out of tune, it doesn't matter how perfect every aspect of your playing, equipment, and set-up is; you will still sound bad. So, in a way, this is the most important pedal you can have.This pedal works great as a tuner and very vividly displays how far off you are from being in tune. Works great as a mute switch too, just one click and you've got no sound - perfect for switching guitars and/or just muting all sound.The design is quite sturdy as well, it feels very solid. I definitely recommend this pedal.
It works well 95% of the time but sometimes has a problem with the G string for me. I use it in tandem with a snark tuner and together they're fail safe. (the snark tuner will also get buggy once in a while but together it's so statistically unlikely that I don't worry about it)The stomp tuner also has the benefit of being able to hault the signal, hence why I wouldn't just use a snark tuner.
The title pretty much says it all. This is such a simple, great tuner. The streaming light effect is extremely cool yet totally practical! Great deal.
This thing works great!I play out live in clubs and this device is indispensable. Accurate and quick - great for between song quick tuning.It's a Boss pedal - so it is rugged and reliable.I have seen this pedal on the pedal boards of top touring pros, recording artists and session musicians in and around the Dallas and North Texas area. I play locally and regionally in North Texas and see this pedal on almost EVERY guitarist and bassist's boards every night.Great product - well made - worth every penny.** UPDATE **After using this tuner for a month I can say that I made the right decision.Fantastic product that every guitar player needs - period.** ** ** ** ** ** *EDIT 10-23-2012I have purchased another one of these tuners for an alternate pedal board.These really are the best tuners out there - you should get one today!There is no comparison to anything else out there - nothing - I have looked!
I really enjoyed this tuner, extremely fast an accurate at tracking you. I've been surching for a decent tuner for about a few months now and I've demoed the pitchblack and the planet waves tuner, all never could track me as well as the TU-3 could! What I mean by tracking me, I'm talking about how fast it can respond to me changing the pitch. Its a great tuner, a little pricy, but worth it in the long run... I was even surprised they included a battery!
It works, and it works well.  It easily cuts guitar strings, ukulele strings, etc.  No damage to blades when cutting  heavy to light gauge steel strings.  If you change your own strings, this cutter is a must have.  It is very durable, the material is made of high quality metal, and it makes clean cuts.  The rubber grips are comfortable to use, and have red accents (and therefore easy to find).My only minor gripe is that it is spring-loaded to open.  I've cut myself with the blades reaching into the pocket a few times when I first got it.  Thankfully I don't change strings too often.  I also made a little leather pouch for the clipper end, and I put a rubber band around the handles to keep it closed.A must-have for your guitar/bass/ukulele bag.  Highly recommended.
As is the case with all tools, you really do get what you pay for with this string cutter.  It's extremely well-built, and performs its task very well.Pros:- Extremely high quality metal- Comfortable rubber grips- Red accent handle makes it easy to find in a bag-of-tricks- Effortlessly cuts even stainless steel bass stringsCons:- Has no ability to lock the cutter closed for storage; the tool is spring-loaded to open.  While this may be a plus for some people, I find it less than ideal.Overall, this is an extremely well-made tool for your guitar kit.  If you're a bassist that likes stainless steel strings, you'll appreciate how they cut like butter.
This cuts strings with no problems. It doesn't take a lot of pressure to squeeze the handles and it doesn't damage the cutting blades like some wire cutters.Highly recommended for frequent string changes.
While this is a simple string cutter (something one can buy about anywhere), it is made well and is of excellent quality. Anyone changing strings on a guitar needs one this tool. It is easy to hold and is a good product.
So, I ordered this to learn to play the banjo, because of the price and good reviews. It was delivered yesterday, and the first thing I noticed was that the neck was loose, and the strings were easily an inch or more off the fret board. I looked to make sure it wasn't warped or cracked, and it wasn't.So I scoured the internet to find my problem, and most results said to tighten the metal rod in the banjo pot. So I took the resonator off, and found that it had an inch gap between the neck and the body, and naturally that scared me, but I tightened the metal rod, and it brought the neck down to the body, and brought the strings down to the perfect height.Now it's a very beautiful instrument, and it sounds pretty good too, Granted, It's not a Gold Tone or what have you, But it sounds at-least like a banjo that costs 2-3x this much. The only thing I would change is the tuning pegs, as they are made out of a cheap plastic, they don't feel like they will break any time soon though, I just prefer metal tuning pegs. (the part that holds the strings is still metal, I'm talking about the things your turn with your fingers to tune it is plastic)So, I'm debating on rating it 4 stars or 5 stars.. I'd rate it 4 because of the scare it gave me at first, but I think I'll rate it 5 stars because of it's looks, sound, and price. Yes, the reviews are right guys, don't be skeptical, But be warned that you may have to do a little TLC on it, as I did with the neck. No worries though, Now I'm learning my new favorite instrument. (Also, the strings that came on it are pretty decent, but new strings sound a bit better)
My banjo arrived a couple days after I ordered it. It tuned up very easily, and for me it holds tune nicely. It has a good ring to it. So far I have only had to replace one string, but that was most probably due to inadvertently letting it sit in front of a forced air heating vent.
&#34;Quality of this banjo exceeded my expectations. Great beginner banjo with quality components at a fair price. Sounds good and the action is smooth.&#34;
great value, good quality and sound. Very pleased with this purchase!  High value for low $$ risk. You will not be disappointed.
I bought this not knowing what to expect. It sounds just like I hear on tv and it sounds great.
I wrote a nasty review of this tuner a while back, blasting its performance compared to its competitors: the Korg Pitch Black and the Boss TU-3. I still own at least of each.Anyway, I have had this tuner for a few years now. Stock this tuner was awful. While attractive and compact, in single note tuning, the needle was not as fast and stable as its competitors, and the polyphonic mode wasn't accurate enough either. Moreover, the display isn't as visible as a Pitch Black or TU-3 in the sunlight. So while this tuner is great if you want something that looks nice and doesn't take up space on the pedal board, stock it just wasn't a truly great tuner.However, that was before a firmware update. After applying the latest updates, the tuner has become very usable. The polyphonic mode is still not quite good enough to rely on 100%, but the single note mode seems just as accurate as any other tuner in its price range now. So now you have a small, attractive tuner w/ true bypass that actually works. So I have changed the review from 2 to 5 stars. Also, given that the price has dropped sharply since I bought the tuner, now it is a much better bang for the buck.So yeah, buy this product with confidence, but if you have purchased it used or if you have an old PolyTune, make sure that the firmware is up to date. Without the update, this tuner was borderline terrible. With the update, it's good enough to be the tuner on my primary stage pedalboard. And in fact, it is, and it has held up to regular practices and gigs.
Cool tuner, I have this on my pedal board and it works really well, very easy to seeand is true bypass which is nice when it isn't on....
I bought this pedal after looking at the Boss TU-3 and Korg Pitch Black for bass. This pedal won over the mini version because of the bass mode. Strumming all 4 or 5 strings works well for a quick tune, but I still use the chromatic function to get an exact tune. The accuracy is impressive and this pedal even worked well with the low B.I read all over bass forums and reviews of the tuner and thought to try it out. TC electronics seems to spend alot of time advertising its products in bass mags and online and some of their products are greatly overhyped IMO, but this pedal and the reviews speak for themselves.I was able to tune an electric acoustic guitar in seconds using the sweep option and even tried a cigar box guitar reading just the AD&G; strings and it worked okay.The pedal is easy to use and switching between tuning modes is a breeze. I chose to keep the clear film over the display for now to preserve the display as long as I can. I tested this sweep option on an old Ibanez artcore guitar which hasn't been played for years and even with old strings, I got a reasonable tune out of it.Strumming all strings at once seems to work better with a guitar more than a bass, but many reviews in bass mags and online also point this out although it works for a quick tune.I am happy with the pedal and hope it lasts as long as my old Boss TU-2. I feel it has changed my tuning needs into a breeze.
This is a great little tuner for guitar. Love the fact i can tune all 6 strings at the same time
Wow, I'm really impressed with this tuner.  Strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  It's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......WELL!!!
This tuner is wonderful. You can tune all strings in same time. It's halpfull in stage, because you don't need to test each string individually.
I like the tuner and I'm definitely keeping it, but the "polyphonic" aspect of it is pretty useless. When you tune using the needle (or LED version of a needle), it will show each string as being in tune. Then when you strum and use the polyphonic mode, it often shows some strings are out! And that's even when I use the neck pick up and strum with my thumb, as the manual says to do. But the tuner works great in the single string mode, and I also like the drop D setting and the easy way to switch between the 2 modes. It also has very cool and easy ways to adjust the 440 Hz pitch, and it is very easy to switch to Eb tunings and other settings. I also like the LED lights and the automatic brightness setting. That is a very cool feature for those folks who still use batteries to power their pedals. The tuner works great, and that is its saving grace after a kinda gimmicky sales pitch regarding the polyphonic setting. So buy it, but do it because the price is right and it works great as a tuner in the traditional sense, not because of the polyphonic gimmick. (August 2013 edit as follows) I just found out a feature of this pedal that I definitely do NOT like!! I dislike it so much, I had to edit my review. I wanted to hear how some of my licks sounded in E flat. So I set the tuner to the E flat setting as explained in the manual, then I tried to tune. All the strings kept showing that they were still in standard tuning. It seems as if my drop settings on the tuner were not functioning. I wrote the manufacturer (they did get back to me quickly) and they explained that the drop tuning functions ONLY WORK in polytune mode!! So if you're like me, and you find that polytune doesn't work very well, then basically all this is is a standard needle chromatic tuner that will not tune in any other drop modes! LAME!!
Being a studio owner I didn't buy this for stage work. Being a player of multiple stringed instruments for decades I've had many different tuners including real strobes. So when I picked this up about 8 months ago it was because I needed one where I was at and right now.I don't know about the +/- .1% accuracy but the pegs and my ear tell me it's quite accurate, enough that I can find notes up and down the neck that are slightest bit out of tune when using it. By using a transformer adapter and a stage mic it also works very well for acoustic instruments.I'm still using the replacement battery I put in about 6 months ago but I just use it and unplug. It's travelled with me a few times and airport security finds it an interesting thing for me to have in a carry on but it almost seems durable enough to drop from 35,000 feet and continue working.I was shocked by how well it works. I was shocked by the fact that I could spend so little and get a real tuner and not a device that gets you close. Highly recommended.
It performs ok, although it takes a learning curve getting used to the strobe dial.  I found it too difficult to see from my pedal board, (I am over 60, so eyes ain't what they used to be!).I was also disappointed to find there was no power plug, just battery.  Adding a 1 Spot power proved difficult as the only way to run the battery adapter is along the side where the pedal is pushed.  I fixed problem by taking my Dremmel and grinding a groove just big enough for wires to be unobstructed.For the above reasons, I have elected to use this as my work bench tuner for guitar set up and have gone to the Ashdown Engineering tuner for my pedal board.
This stand rocks!  Literally! I don't even have to play the guitar anymore, it does it for me.Kidding aside, this thing is really nice.  I added the boom stand so I can run an SM57 to the surround of my amp's speaker.  I went ahead and ordered two for another amp, just so I don't have to switch them out.  I have a couple of medium sized amps(2 x 10's in each), so I would highly recommend this stand for amplifiers around the same size.  This may not be so great for smaller amps.
I was honestly skeptical before actually trying it. The specs seemed as if it would support my very heavy, very expensive hand-made 1x12 cabinet and matching head. It seemed the only design that would allow me to tilt back the pair and it absolutely delivered. The upright support in the back extends quite a bit and the protective foam is moveable and can be positioned at just the right location. I am truly impressed and after using this weekend after weekend with a gigging band can soundly recommend this product.
I like this speaker system, behringer makes good products when it comes to this. The sound is good and loud, you can control the levels and EQ directly from this so no need for a mixer. You can connect an ipod or laptop to it. And there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. I used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but I have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although I did not try it. The price was great and the wattage was nice. I must say, when we have people come over it is easier to hear them sing. With me playing on the piano it is sometimes hard to hear their voices but now it is equal and sounds nice in harmony. I also connected to microphones to it and it distributes the sound very evenly so it sounds good in a duet.UPDATE: I recently bought a guitar and started to use this amp for my electric fender, IT WORKS GREAT! The sound is great, the wattage is good, everything is wonderful. Highly recommend this amp if you want a small amp for your guitar.
I purchased this PA after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me. I like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack. I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around. I go around to different venues and sing. I just started in April after taking vocals for a year. I love it so much I've purchased this and my  own Shure mic. B205D is a powerful speaker system. I love the crisp sound and now I can hear myself sing when I turn up the music. I needed something with EQ on it as well. you really can't go wrong with this PA/monitor. I would have rated a 5 except when I turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss. I'm not sure if this is normal or not. you see I purchased an open box speaker. The outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the PA itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well. The sound is great.  I'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I'm not comfortable with the hissing. Hope this helps with your decision.
I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). I plugged my guitar in channel 1, mic in 2 & his edrums on RCA and we're good to go. Not as loud as the 10" or 12" speakers of course but for small room this will do. Playing music on RCA channel is also nice but you will need to adjust the EQ to get a good highs and lows. Light weight and very portable.
I play 1-2 nights a week in a midi-assisted duo. Our PA is a pair of Mackie 15" Thumps (powered) on the floor and Behringer 12" B212D (powered) on stands with a Mackie board. We adjust the PA to the room by adding or reducing the number of powered speakers. In larger rooms we have a regular pair of floor monitors but in smaller rooms where you are stuck in a corner between the coat rack and the waiters station (you know the spot where they generously removed two small tables) we don't have space for floor monitors. These smaller jobs have become much more common and I needed a compact yet powerful monitor. Since we work with midi sound modules to reproduce the drums, bass and assorted extra instuments, it is very important that we hear these sounds clearly. The Behringer monitors do the job well. The overall sound is clean and clear, the speakers are light and portable and for me the boom stand adapter works well. I compared the Behringers to their "clone" the Mackie SRM 150 and frankly I couldn't hear a major difference with my MP3 player playing through them. Obviously Behringer cloned the Mackie's and did a good job. They have all of the same inputs and outputs as the Mackie's and look almost exactly the same. I have owned a pair of Behringer B21D powered speakers for about three years now and they have been knocked over and mistreated (accidentally) and still work great every night so I am a fan of Behringer gear. In the end the real difference was the price. The Behringer's go for $150.00 while the Mackie's go for about $250.00. The choice was simple; since I couldn't hear (or see) a major difference I bought the Behringer's. I have only had them for about two months but I have been pleased so far.Update: It has been a couple of months more since I started using these monitors and have even purchased an additional one. I still love the sound and all of the other things I posted above but: forget about the boom stand adapter. It is very difficult to get lined up so the mic is facing you and because of the angle of the monitor itself which is not adjustable the boom will not stay in place. I am using a good quality telescoping mini boom that is not very big or heavy at all but it will not stay up. Save yourself the headaches and just carry another mic stand. Other than that these are great monitors.
i just got the 3rd monitor.  great price.  got here in 2 days ....so.  my first 2 units have a very bright blue ish color LED for power.the latest one has a very mellow amber color LED.anyone else noticed different color LED's ?comparing the units, the newest one seems to have a differnt type feel on the impact plasctic shell.weight and sound is the same.i use them for everything from full band to acoustic .  great for vocals and guitar.  as stated by others not much bass response ( but from a 5 in speaker what would you expect).mine have been dropped, wet, hot and never missed a beat.
They are well built and can hold almost any speaker system you throw at them. I have already recommended these to a friend and he bought them. He likes them too.
I bought a set of these from Amazon's warehouse deals page with a discount because of some expected damage. They showed up in pretty good shape though to my surprise!I was expecting some damage to the items, but hoping that between the 2 of them that i would be able to salvage enough to put together one full stand. I bought these because I needed ONLY 1 stand with good height on it for mounting my 32" LCD Hitachi Flat screen to it. I use this TV in my studio so that everyone can see what's going on when we record and work on music. I needed something that was going to be sturdy and hold the TV high enough that everyone in the studio would be able to see it all the time.Both stands showed up in good and working condition. They go up to about 8' tall and are perfect for mounting speakers onto, although I use it to mount my TV about ceiling height which is about the same weight as my speakers if not more. They work GREAT! I'm going to add some pictures of my creation when i get around to it, give me about a month....
Great speaker stands, well constructed easy adjustments for different setups.Carry case nice addition.Recieved set of Two stands with case promptly and in perfect condition.Two stands and carry case delivered for the price of one stand at many places,Great Deal!
Bought two sets. Both arrived together and at the expected delivery date. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. Personally, I think its easier to setup the Pyle Pro PSTK103. Later comparison showed that the PSTK103 is also substantially taller in both the length of the tripod legs and the retracted center speaker pole.However, the way it was packaged severely diminished my opinion on how much the manufacturer really cared about its own products. The paint finish was chipped on several areas of the legs. There were dimples and nicks in several areas of the leg tubing. Why I blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple ... the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. Really, how hard would it have been to just separate the two units within the travel bag with some corrugated cardboard or a strip of expanded foam?!!!On the plus side ... after testing each of the tripod stands ... all seemed to function perfectly well. The units were light yet seemed solid and stable once set up. The price seemed right thought and if the manner of packaging were improved ... I would definitely say that thus far it seems like a great buy. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain.
I ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. However, the bag was ripped in 3 places. The stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. The most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. The locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. The holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. They looked like they might be relatively solid but I returned them anyway...bit disappointing.
The bag is simple canvas.  It probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack.  However, the stands are sturdy, fully adjustable, and look professional.
These are your basic speaker stands for PA systems...they're functional, durable, and can be set-up within just a few seconds. I would have given this a higher rating, however upon receipt, one of the stands would not lock into place and kept sliding down regardless of how tight I had set the tension. While inspecting the bag, I found a hard plastic block which looked like it was part of the aluminum tubing of the speaker stand. Further inspection confirmed this as this 'block' was indeed part of the tube, and after several minutes of wrestling with it, I was able to get it lodged back inside. The block was part of the tension &#34;mechanism&#34; and once it was forced back into the tube, the stand(s) performed flawlessly.
I am very impressed with the quality of this strap for how little I paid.  Nice soft flexible leather, and very adjustable.  I had to lengthen the slit one end to fit over the oversize strap attach fitting on my Fender acoustic electric, but other than that it fit perfect.
I was using a nylon strap before I got this one. I love the feel of this and the fact that its a little wider than my older strap. The leather feels very high quality and the end pieces fit snug on my acoustic guitar and I don't have that worry of it coming loose.
I bought five of these when they were being blown out for like $3 apiece, but even at the normal price they are a bargain.  They are comfortable when used for an extended period of time- even with a heavy Les Paul.  If you play an SG, these will help counter the dreaded 'neck dive' that you get when using a nylon strap with those guitars.  Incidentally, Amazon is selling these straps at about 1/3 the price you would pay at GC.  Highly recommended !
When you need a no-nonsense leather strap that is not long, consider this. If you need something fancy, or want to sling your guitar low, or if you are a tall person, probably you want to skip this.I'm 5ft 8" and I'm already using the longest setting with my acoustic that has a strap button on the heel of the neck as well as the end pin, and it's not like I'm trying to hold my guitar particularly low. If you are a tall person, or if you want to mimic Jimmy Page's posture or something, this is not for you.Apart from that, I have to say that the cost performance of this thing is really impressive (it's more so if I believe the "made in Canada" sticker on it). Hard to beat it as far as leather straps go. At 2.5 inches wide, it's comfortable, one-ply leather is reasonably pliable yet seems to be thick enough, and the looks of it is not that bad either. Sure, there should be nicer/better product, but you cannot buy them for 12 bucks.The only complaint I have is that a sticker that left some sticky residue was on the back side of the strap. Though it was not a big deal to remove the residue using rubbing alcohol and some  elbow grease, it would have been nice if I was able to use it without any extra work without worrying about some gummy sticky thing rubbed on the guitar.
Adjustments are easy to make and the fit/feel is fine. No fancy designs, but a great value for the price.
It's no frills.  It doesn't feel like quality leather to me.  The construction is pretty basic.  It is a very good value though.  It does seem like it can deal with some wear and tear.
Good strap, very comfortable and strong.
I searched on Amazon for a banjo strap and this came up. When I received the strap I realized it doesn't fit a banjo. I then looked at the description closely and found it says it's a guitar strap. Just to let you know, this is not a banjo strap  :)  I was able use it anyway on my guitar. It's not the best strap in the world, but it's not bad. I gave it four stars for that reason. I think it would wear quickly with lots of use.
Yes I would ,,buy is a great strap nice comfort nice priceFits nice in to my Fender guitar, a thumbs up
I bought this strap because I thought the pattern was awesome! The comfort is okay, I never wear it for more than a couple hours at a time. But... just the design man, go planet waves!
First of all this strap looks super cool. The Hootenany style is sweeeet! I have this on a cream colored strat(like) guitar and it looks great. The reason for only four stars is that the material is a bit thin, but hey, for this price I am not expecting a Levy's strap. All in all this is a great guitar strap. Throw some strap locks on it and away you go!!!
I'm happy enough with this, it looks okay and fits properly so what more could you ask for. Good deal.
It's very thin, all parts about it are kinda thin and cheap, but it works exactly as it should. Not bad if you just need to round out an order to get free shipping. Not for your favorite guitar though, more of a beginner's or a throw-away, 'gig' strap.
Sweet strap, nice colors, good quality.  Adjusts easily, nice quality leather hookups.  Don't forget your strap locks if you're planning to rock out :-)Looks great with my white Fender Jazz Bass Standard!
Does what a strap should- holds guitar fine and is built well for five bucks. I like the unique pattern on this thing too. Came in a timely manner, what else is there to say? Made in Canada.
This strap is pretty thin.  Not like some of the other for the same price that I have purchased on Amazon.  Still does its job, but we'll see how the quality is after a while,
The strap is of good quality and since its new it still feel stiff but I am happy that I got it.
This strap has a fantastic old-school look and vibe, and I've never had it slip off while playing.  The only downside is that it's a bit rough on any loose skin.  I could never play with this strap without a shirt and sometimes if it rides up I can feel it on my neck (but that is very rare and only if playing with a loose t-shirt).  For 99% of situations these strap rocks.
At this price how can you go wrong?Comfortable and sturdy.Works just fine, thank you.Bought another for my Strat.
This guitar strap was so inexpensive compared to the other ones I was concerned that it would be flimsy and look terrible. Since I planned on using it as a mandolin strap I figured it would be alright if it wasn't strong enough for a guitar.I was pleasantly surprised to find it well-made with a clean, simple appearance. I am getting another one for my acoustic guitar and may replace the leather strap on my electric guitar with one of these also.
As good as advertized.Rugged and sturdy.Live up to expectations and is comfortable.I would definitely buy a few more of these.
Love this strap! It's a good quality strap and I have three of them. Being comfortable and basic you can let your imagine run wild! Just go browse a crafts store and see what you can find to make it YOURS. I can't let on what I've done to mine because...they are originals...but you can have a blast making a one of a kind of your own. Come on, we're artists so show off your creativity.
This is a lower quality Leather StrapPros:CheapLeatherEasy adjustment designCons:Leather was low quality - rough and hard to the touchLeather had scrape marks on front and back of strapEyelits for attaching to guitar are not incredibly tight, , I need strap locks to feel safe with the strapLeather lacks give and is rough, rubs neck and shoulder and digs into flesh with heavier guitars or base.It is an OK strap... not great... but cheap
Planet Waves Classic Leather Guitar Strap Black is good product.It's soft and pretty, and looks nice with my Strat.Recommend it.
This is a single layer fairly thick strap of sturdy leather with a suede back. At full price of 16.99, it is a solid deal. Any lower, and it is a steal. Leather straps are a little tricky to buy online; You can't feel it or see the exact one you are purchasing, and every piece of leather is different. Most of the time with leather straps, you get the quality you pay for. This one appears to be an exception to that rule. But if you are looking for buttery soft fine Corinthian leather with gold stitching, you need to understand that you'll have to pay more. If you want one made from Wild Buffalo Leather or Free Range Mastodon Hide, you'll need to hitch a ride in the Tardis. If all you want is a solid deal on a basic leather strap that won't let you down, this is a safe bet. Oh and tight strap button holes? That's a good thing in my universe, as gravity is often as irresistible as the lure of time travel (on this Planet, anyhow).
Nice strap for the money. I ordered black but got brown.
Nice solid no frills guitar strap. I used this on my stupid heavy Agile guitar and it helped a lot.
I bought this strap because I wanted to draw on it with sharpie and then cover it with a clear coat to preserve the sharpie. This is a good sized strap with a  nice drawing surface. My plan worked, and this is a good quality strap to do it on. And such a good price.
I ordered two of these based on the review and indeed, this guitar strap deserves 5 stars.It feel like leather but I am not 100% it is true leather. However, at 10$ a piece, I have to give it 5 stars.I used to have nylon straps and these twist too easily. This one does not twist, saves me lot of times, especially during gigs.I will order two more (I have 4 different kind of guitars, acoustic, classical, electric and bass), it fit all of them.
Like many others here have pointed out, this is a very good leather strap at a very good price and it is made in Canada. It is a simple design, but it is plenty long enough for a taller than average player, is solidly made, and did you notice how low the price is?I have looked at leather straps for some time, and could never pull the trigger on ordering one because of sticker shock on the price. Most straps I have seen in guitar stores of this quality start in the $30+ price category. I just cannot justify spending $30 or $50 or more for an overpriced version of this same guitar strap which has some fancy brand name label on it and is of no better quality. This strap was barely more expensive than a cheap nylon strap! (A nylon strap may work adequately but lacks any real sense of style)Also, most of the name brand straps are two inch or three inch wide, and this 2-1/2 inch wide strap is just right for me.I like this strap so much I am now placing an order for one in every colour I can find them in for use with my other guitars!
Good quality and very comfortable for the material and with of belt, no matter how heavy your axe is. Can't go wrong with this one.
Most better quality leather guitar straps are typically $20 or more, so in retrospect, the low cost of this Planet Waves Black Leather guitar strap should have served as a red flag.  I bought it anyway, hoping that it would be a decent product, but unfortunately, upon receiving it, I was almost immediately disappointed at the quality of the item.While the strap appears to be 100% leather, and isn't a piece of junk, it doesn't appear to be of very high quality. The leather is thin and soft, and I would not be at all surprised, if the edges soon begin to curl, and the strap begins to wrinkle. I don't expect the leather around the holes for the strap nuts, to hold up well long term. If you use this strap, you probably want to use some kind of strap locking system.I have leather straps that have lasted for over ten years. The leather is thicker and stiffer, and has resisted fraying along the edges. While the leather has developed some cracks, it is still holding up fine, and there is no chance that the strap will tear. I could be wrong, but looking at the Planet Waves strap, I have doubts that it will hold up anywhere near as well or as long.If you are a casual player, this strap is probably fine, although strap locks are recommended. The leather may start to curl up and deform, but the strap certainly isn't going to fail immediately. While serviceable, more serious players, or those with an aggressive style of playing, might want to spending a little more for a better quality leather strap. I decided to keep this strap, but it is installed on a secondary guitar that I don't play that much.
this real leather strap is nice the price is Evan better the only thing I should warm if your a extra large person or you have a beer belly then this strap will not fit you
For the price it is mostly comfortable and of sturdy build.  It matches my Epiphone Sheraton II well although it doesn't &#34;twist&#34; easily (my neck strap pin is on the backside of the guitar).
This is, for the price I paid for it here on Amazon (far less than what it is currently selling for) a very good buy.  At the current price of almost 30 bucks, I would pass or look at other options but that is just me.  The leather is attractive, thick enough, soft enough for the price, and I found the length to be more than long enough for me personally.  I almost have it on the shortest possible setting and there is far more room to let out.  Only really tall people, big people, or "low players" will be disappointed perhaps.  I only have a few very MINOR complaints and of course my complaints are subjective so YMMV.  One, the back side of the strap is not black.  It's a blue/grey color and I didn't realize that.  You can see a tiny bit of the greyish color in the photo but not enough to really get an idea of what the backside looks like.  I assumed incorrectly that both sides were black.  Two, the embossed design is a little feminine for my tastes.  All that said, it is nice and some will love it.  Quality at the right price.  Easy to adjust.  Looks like it will last.  Solid four stars despite me personal opinion.
I purchased one of these a few weeks back and loved it so much that I just had to order another one.  If you want comfort, styple, at a good price, I highly recommend these guitar straps.
The material used is fine.  The looks are fine.  The length is horrible.  This is too short for most adults that play guitar.  It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use.  To me this was a worthless purchase.  I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again.
I'm very impressed really thought it would be pleather but it's real leather highly recommend this strap and it came quick
The only solid white leather strap I could find that didn't have any ornamentation.  It is of average quality but for the price I wasn't expecting much.  It looks nice and is mostly comfortable on my black Ibanez RG550XX.
It isn't the softest strap. But the width makes it feel better till it's &#34;broken-in&#34;. Good leather that should last a long time.  I have very similer straps that have lasted 30+ years.
Strap was a much better quality than expected for the cost.  Clean well packaged .  Has adjustment for length the hole size is per very good will take some working to get it on the guitar so you need not worry about slipping off.  I will still use a strap lock .  Nice product I suggest it .
It's the same as the other flavors, which all work fine, but it looks great with my new white Gretch.
I got a few of these as a Christmas gift and they're just bad.  I put them on my pedalboard where I previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  I have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  If I play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  Awful.
Perfect for patching effects pedals together that are further apart. Good quality cable with a good price. Most of my cables are from Planet Waves and I've never had an issue.
These cords work great and helped me (finally) clean up a mess of longer cords running between various voice processors and mixer.  The set-up went from a mess of eight neatly wrapped 6 ft cords to these 1 footers.  Looks great.  Cords are sturdy - I haven't had nor do I foresee any issues with them.  Would definitely buy again.
awesome patch cables for your pedalboard. they are not as rigid as your typical patch cables which works for winding in and around pedals easier and you can twist and angle them however you want without stressing your input jacks. love Planet Waves gear.
I like these short planet waves cables for short runs where there won't be a lot of abuse going on. They have good quality connector jackets similar to Monster cables. There are better made cables out there but few are in this price range.
What can I say? It's a cable. It works very well on a pedalboard. I personally use it to cable my pedal together from the first row to second row. That requires a cable longer than 6" or 1 foot. The 3 foot is perfect and it works great!
Good cords with a decent length.  I like the right angle as sometimes it gets tight in a pedal box.  I order the longer cord to go to my wah pedal which I always set outside of my pedal board.  Works quite well.
Using this as a line from my amp to a single pedal. Works great, no noise. Well made cable with bullet-proof molded TS protection. The cable is slightly on the thin side, but it functions well. Without a doubt, a very sturdy cable.
I really like the soft flexible cable these have. They were perfect for my pedal board. Highly recommended. You will find yourself wanting more than you purchased.
I love these strings. I'm a novice and have been using the strings that came with base which were roundwound strings. I don't like the sound my fingers make when moving between notes. With these flats, the sound is gone. What more, the sound of these strings is a lot more bold and has some awesome tone. It's easy to tell what strings are for notes, but just in case you have a hard time telling thickness for some reason, they are color coded to help with that. I can't speak out about other types of strings, but I love these over roundwounds in both how they play and the sound. I will experiment with other flats over time, but I am very happy with these.
I absolutely love these strings. I'm used to playing higher tension strings and these fit the bill perfectly. They have a great full sound and after breaking them in after a couple weeks of playing they give a really good classic P bass sound. Its not for people who want the modern brighter sound but for the classic 50s 60s and 70s sound these are great!
Who would have thought you could buy "quality" bass guitar strings from the same place you can buy your DVDs?The strings are, with out a doubt, real Fender strings. And even with shipping coasts they are STILL comparably-priced if not cheaper then buying them at a nationaly franchised music store.But...Because you don't have the opportunity to compare strings; I do recommend that you know what you want.I've also purchased "top shelf" guitar stings, as well as a variety of other products, from AMAZON and have ALWAYS been satisfied with the qualiy and service.
Strings are so subjective and perform so differently depending on the instrument, I have a hard time reviewing them. I have them on an older MIM P bass and am quickly falling in love with them. I tried GHS flats on this bass previously- about all I can say is meh (too rough - they feel more like half rounds, just not the right tone on this particular instrument). I've got another P bass (fretless) with Labella Jamerson's on it (which are still my favorite flats), but these are a close second. Add to that they're half the price of the Labella's, and we've got an easy winner. They're silky smooth, and probably more versatile than the Labella's as there's plenty of top end for a wide variety of styles and music. My tone knob has never been more useful!
I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time.  For those of you who do not play contemporary Christian music and are wondering what the heck I'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a Vox tone.  Because of U2.  I know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.Anyway, for the past few years I've been utilizing a Line 6 Floor POD Plus to achieve this tone.  I've been using the "Class A" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and I've never found a way around that.  I just sort of dealt with it.  Then came Father's Day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used Vox AC15C1 and I love everything about it.  Doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (AC15CC1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  Well, the AC15C1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  I've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a PCB inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in China.  So what.  It sounds very nice, especially for the low price.The amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  I cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15W amp, but not window-shattering loud.  In a church setting this is obviously not an option.  Fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy Vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  You need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the "Top Boost" and "Normal" channels.  I've opted to just use the "Normal" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  That overdrive does not interfere with the Vox tone at all.  I used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with DiMarzio HS series pickups and the Joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic Vox chime all the way.  I also used a Boss DD-5 delay (also required if you play in a Christian band - same reason as the other thing I mentioned...)  Pure tone heaven.Some have noted noise or "hiss" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  Mine did not have this problem.  Actually, I thought it did, and I was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before I realized that it was the way I had the amp set up:  As I stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (Normal and Top Boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway.  Problem solved.I'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  I've owned Marshalls, MESA/Boogies, a Laney, a Music Man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the Vox AC15C1 and the Vox can hold its own with those others.  Think of it as an affordable "boutique amp".  If you can pick one up used like I did, all the better.  Interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used Vox AC15 with no indication of whether it was a C1 or a CC1.  Fortunately it was a C1.  It's a value at full price also.  Get one.
Works great for what it is designed for
This is a very high quality strap. The supple leather is excellent as is the workmanship.However, I don't like the plastic end pieces. They are large and -- well -- plastic. So I'm sending it back.I'm going to go with an inexpensive nylon strapProtec Guitar Strap with Leather Ends and Pick Pocket, Blackand straplocksSchaller Security Locks - Nickelfor about the same price.This is mainly a matter of personal preference. If you don't mind the plastic end pieces, this is a beautiful strap.
This strap is perfect!  It locks on your pins, no worry about sudden disconnects and is comfortable (it's not padded).  Highly recommend!
In October 2009 I ordered a custom Strat and a Bass and the Custom Strat came with these strings. I recommend going with these. The bullet style makes its easier to install. You know what I mean if you are a professional.
No string expert here but these work great,  they stay in tune like I can't even believe,  actually thought someone was tuning my guitar it stays in tune so long.
These strings are nickel which greatly reduces fret and saddle wear and they sound good.  If you are using stainless steel strings you are wearing those two critical guitar components down and they will eventually have to be replaced.  Saddles are easy to replace fret wire can be costly as that type of work is best left to the experts which with it comes an added cost to the player.\So I (and many others) play nickel.Bullet end?  If you are playing a Stratocaster with a tremolo bridge the bullets are designed to fit into the string receivers in the trem block and in effect add more mass to the tremolo block which adds and aids the transfer of tone to the guitar as a whole.Those two beneficial features alone convinced me to give these an honest try and over time (I've been using these for years) have proven to me to be the optimal string for the Stratocaster.These are durable.  Do they last?  Well, yes they do.  I rotate guitars on the gigs so I would say that if I was using the strat exclusively and playing it as much as I do through the week - I end up changing them out every 2 to 3 weeks and I'm playing 4 nights per week not including rehearsal or noodling around and I put them through a rigorous workout.What would that equate to  in hours?  Hmmm...  60 to 80 hours perhaps, maybe a bit more.  Add to that sweat, natural oils, oxidation, and that I don't use cleaners or chems on the strings, although I do wipe them down after a playing with a dry shop towel.
... might be my abusive bends though ;-)  I'll try a ticker gauge next time.Other than that, great strings.
If you have a trem system on your guitar - these 'bullet' ends really do transfer tone energy through the trem block for sustain. I added a big block and these strings and it has really brought my strat to life. Highly recommended.
These are the same strings I paid much more for in my store. The are the same as came on my Guitar. Work and sound great.
The jam man solo is an AMAZING pedal. Yes it is a looper and an amazing one at that. The one thing that i thought was so awesome was that after you have played something you can save it to the pedal. It is a very handy tool. Another thing that is awesome is the pedals ability insert drum beats. If would %100 recommend this pedal to anyone. It is a looper that will loop all day and does way more than just loop. What more could you possibly ask for??
A looper pedal has been on my list of things I'd like to get some day for a long long time. Why I waited so long to get one, I can't say. All I can say is how glad I am not only that I finally got one but that I got this one. It is fantastic. Here's why.First, ease of use. I really thought I'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. On the contrary, I got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. The instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. This manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. As I delved deeper into the options I was able to quickly figure out how to do everything I wanted to do.Second, user interface. It's a pedal. It's got knobs and buttons. This makes me very happy. It's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. Once you've got it up and running, I strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. The work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.Third, features. It has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. The beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.Fourth, plays nice with computers. There's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. There you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.Fifth, comes with an AC adapter. It actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, I was happy to see it in the box.Sixth, you can add an SD card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.All of which gives you some specifics but misses the overall experience. The experience for me has been pure jamming joy. I hear a song in my head, and very quickly have the basic concept captured as a loop. You can plug your electric guitar or a mic into the input, so you can capture anything you want.For the price this is a wonderful piece of gear, and my only regret is not having bought one sooner. I'm having so much fun with it.
Just wanted to say that they pack a lot into this pedal. I practice more now in the past 2 months than I have in the past two years. I highly recommend it if you are looking to spruce up your song writing skills and most of all your soloing skills. We got a good deal too. Amazon rocks!
I would give this 5 stars for the way it works but a 49 page instruction book to utilize all it potential is a bit much. Something simpler would suffice. Really just wanted to record a rhythm track and play lead over it. If you don't mind spending the time to learn all it's capabilities it's great.
This is a great pedal. I bought the extra footswitch to go with it, it makes it alot easier to operate. Does all I need it to do. Wish it were stereo. Stores 99 loops, doubt I'd ever in my lifetime need that many. I haven't tried the computer interface yet.
Although there is a great deal to learn to fully utilize this pedal, I was recording in an hour & had the software on my Mac talking to it. It sounds great with little of it's own noise. The percussion loops are fine & at least provide solid guides for recording. I have a GNX4 that I love & as far as this pedal goes, I am just as happy. I echo the other reviews that suggest getting the footswitch, it does help avoid having to spend a lot of time bent over & fiddling with the small knobs. ( Update ) The software works well & is very useful. It loaded right up with no problem. Memorizing the instructions will be a lot easier once I start using the pedal more often. That's the only problem with so many features squeezed into a small pedal. More than worth it though.
Very fun to use.Comes with a power supply.Very easy to control.I enjoy using this to play alone - It is easy to lay down a rhythm and then play over it.It can be used for drum tracks or to practice a section of a song that you want to repeat.
I have used the Line 6 looper in the past -Line 6 JM4 Looper. The Line6 is basically the same as the electronics on the SpiderJam amplifier. It's a decent looper, but it's too big and I don't need all the guitar tones, backing tracks, etc., that go with it so I decided to look elsewhere.I wanted a looper that I could fit onto my pedal board that could provide some basic functionality (multiple channels, etc.) and this one fit the bill. You can adjust the loop volume, switch quickly between tracks, turn the background percussion down (or off), etc. I purchased the extra foot switch to have a little more control over switching tracks.The only fault that I've found thus far is that the foot switch cable that DigiTech includes with the switch has a straight input instead of a 90 degree. This is weird, as all pedals on a board need a 90 degree connection or the cable will be sticking into the next pedal. To solve this, I bought a Hosa 90 degree stereo connector (it has to be stereo) -HOSA RT. ANGL. STER. 1/4" PHONE (F) - STEREO 1/4" PHONE (M). I've added a photo of the JamMan on my board and you can find a full photo of the board if you look at thePedaltrain MINI With Soft Casephotos.One other great attribute of this pedal is it's built solid and is easy to stomp on (you don't have to have perfect aim, just good timing). There are a few strange nuances, though. For example, you have to step on the pedal twice and hold to clear the current track. This gets the track started before it clears it. Not good if you were using it in a performance. However, there are workarounds (like just switching tracks). Overall - great deal for the price and, if you are looking to improve your lead guitar/improv, I would certainly recommend a pedal like this one.
What's not to like? 15 Beatles picks. A super cool little tin. Rocks my world and back to the garden!
Not only are these great picks to look at they are great picks to use. I love the picks, the tin they come in and the ease of use.
Planet Waves Signature guitar picks - always the best, always reliable. An excellent useful product that I not only use myself, but often give as gifts to other musicians. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
I was very pleased when I got my Beatles Tin and Collector Picks. The service was good and prompt and the price was very reasonable. I was surprised at how cool both the Tin and the Picks were, they are a real talking point and a must have for Muso's who like individual items in their collection. Thanks again Cheers !!!
If your a Beatle fan or just someone who collects picks, This is the perfect item for you, Great graphics, I'm a guitar pick collector, And this is by far the best that i have, So if you don't have this Beatle set go and get it.
I've been playing in bands since 1969 and have used every wireless ever invented and this beats them all, hands down!
So heres the thing that no one else wants to say. The thing is built like a piece of s***. It jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. I used this 3 times and it shorted out. The lights started flashing and it got hot. I called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a "ticket". FYI if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. Not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc I could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get  a new one soon. Well see how helpful they really are.
I have always loved line 6. This product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. It went dead. I changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. I am sorry to say that I returned it. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs.I am really disappointed.
I love the freedom the G30 gives me. I'm a real klutz with my cords...especially on the ML designed guitars. So I figured this product would actually end up saving me money over the longrun. The sound is a lot more, there. Between this & the Bill Lawrence humbuckers that the sound is unforgiving and those mistakes will come through real clear...making you work on your technique and become a better player.I took off a star because I don't like the prospect of being a slave to Duracell. I am hoping that rechargeable batteries will be good enough for my needs and I'll give it 5 stars.Side-Note: the 2 foot cord they provide was junk for me. I suggest ordering some better ones.
When I do my reviews, I consider how well does the stompbox do what it does versus the price. I give the MXR Custom Comp five stars because, while it sounds nowhere near as good nor is as easy to use as a Keely, you will pay substantially less. On the other hand, it sounds better than a Boss CS-3 and is more versatile than an MXR Dyna Comp. It is also cheaper than the MXR 76 Vintage Compressor (which has no LED or AC adaptor). So, I think that the MXR Custom Comp is worth considering when shopping for a compressor. You should watch demos on YouTube and many stores sell MXR so you can try one out. If you want an inexpensive compressor with LED, AC adaptor, and a versatile sound palette, then the MXR Custom Comp is pretty good.Anyone who argues that compression does not change your tone has not fully explored the potential of a compressor. If you would like some evidence, consider a song like The Fixx "One Thing Leads to Another" which was created in part by cranking a compressor up. The manual gives three settings you might try--"Chicken Pickin'," "New Wave Reggae," and "Chime Bloom"--each of which sounds different. The MXR Custom Comp can also give you volume boost if you wish to use it for that function, and I think it does so wayyyyy better than the Boss CS-3 (which seems more apt at volume drop, you have to crank it all the way to get a boost).One problem with this compressor is that there are four control knobs, two on the exterior (Output & Sensitivity) and two in the interior (Attack & Trim). In order to set it as the manual suggests, you will have to open up the case with a screwdriver and turn the two dials inside the box. Because of that, I just set it on "New Wave Reggae" (for 80s sounds, funk, etc.) and manipulate the external controls as needed. If I was playing country, I would simply switch it to "Chicken Pickin'" and leave it. If you are playing multiple styles, I would seek a different compressor like a 4-knob Keely.A second problem with the MXR Custom Comp is noise. If you crank the Output up, it creates a buzz (in my rig) that can be taken care of with a noise gate. The Dyna Comp does the same thing, but I did not hear that as much on the Keely or Boss CS-3.I find that leaving the compressor on all the time sharpens my tone without taking it over, but at the same time I can easily vary the Sensitivity to get different tone/sustain. It can give an awful lot of bell-like sustain on clean sounds and works great with a chorus pedal.BOTTOM LINE:(1) Nice compressor for the price, especially if you want versatile sound palette, good volume boost(2) Hard to work with due to interior controls (dumb!)(3) Generates noisy signal when cranked(4) Gives sound like MXR 76 Vintage Comp with less cost, plus on/off LED & AC adaptor at cheaper price(5) Good compressor in its price range (Keely is far superior in sound but you pay for it!)(6) OK paint job, doesn't really catch my eye
These days on my pedal board I have several MXR Micro pedals...They have slowly earned their way on the board and eventually pushed some expensive boutique pedals into early retirementThe MXR Mirco Chorus is a perfect "One Trick Pony" it does one thing beautifully and simply - and that one thing is create a soft velvety chorus effect with good chime tones - when I activate the MXR Custom Comp pedal in conjunction with the MXR Micro Chorus I can easily copy the Andy Summers Police sound and a few other notable chorus stylesNote:It works great with distortion and with clean compressionI never have to bend over and adjust a bunch of NOBS in the dark - simply control the one speed NOB with my foot (on the fly quite simply)Presently I use these MXR products:The MXR Custom Comp = I highly recommend this very subtle very professional compression pedal (read any review of this pedal you'll see why)The MXR Micro Flanger = Easy, sounds amazing, never have to bend over and fiddle with it, does Jet airplane to subtle wavesThe MXR Micro Chours = Easy soft sounding with good chime - never have to bend over and fiddle with it - simple foot controlAnd the old standard (Ive had this since the 1980's) the MXR Phase 45 - simply the best phase pedal ever made - and I've tried them all
I've been using MXR Micro Chorus for over 30+ years.  They just don't get any better than MXR.  Might be a little old fashioned, but . . . You get what you pay for.  And the sound . . . Wellllllllllll, just give it a try.  You'll love it.  Best, Doc
Well worth the [...] bucks i paid. Analog with true bypass. Easy to use with one knob. And has nice high quality chorus effect. MXR built like a tank. Works with my Boss DS1 AC adapter too.
Very nice tone and effect for a one knob pedal. If all you need is a simple chorus effect this will satisfy.
This is a super easy to use pedal. You just choose the speed of the chorus effect and the rest of the parameters are preset. Don't worry they sound great for that classic chorus sound. If you really want to be able to tweak everything, then get the MXR Analog chorus instead. It has about six knobs. I like the ease of use on this one, and I omly use chorus sparingly. Another cool feature of MXR pedals is the rubber knob cover that comes with it. It allows you to adjust the chorus rate with your foot.
It works ok if you are used to using  a volume pedal. I had a hard time making small volume changes while singing. I decided to return it. It is well made, so if you like volume pedals, it's probably one of the best. I have also owned the Moreley Lil Alligator volume pedal. It has a mimimum volume knob which allows more subtle changes between rhythm and lead volumes. The Dunlop does not have that feature.
I bought this pedal, tried it out and returned it.  On the plus side, it is quiet, sturdy, has a reasonable footprint, does not suck tone, and it is passive.  But the feel was not quite right for me:  Even with the adjustable tension - I couldn't lock it in to where I wanted it.  I'm very used to the Ernie Ball pedals, and I also like the new Morley Volume Plus.But to be fair, pedal tension is a pretty personal factor, and this might easily be a 5 star product for you.
This was exactly what I was expecting.  Seems to be better quality than other cheaper products I researched.  I'd definitely recommend paying the little bit of extra money for a better quality Fender product like this over other generic output jacks.
Es el output original de fender.. que mas se puede decir.. producto de calidad.. me gusto! Saludos  a todos desde Venezuela!!
This is a genuine Fender Switchcraft brand input jack. It is a bit bigger width wise than the import copies, but that's an easy adaption if using a copy strat. It works perfectly. Great price from the seller as well. If you want a sturdy jack, this is as good as it gets.
Just good ol' genuine Fender parts. Nothing to complain about here. I'm a stickler for the OEM parts so I typically by only Fender stuff.
Spent next to nothing on this part, but it saved the day on a side project for a friend.  Thank God I buy spares. this simple and admittedly cheap little part enabled me to finish a project quickly. It doesn't get any more elemental, but I soldered it in and it's doing fine.  Not for real heavy usage anyway.
Great product, with a little soldering knowledge (really basic in fact), you can fix that noisy jack in no time at all. Nice and snug with my American Stage Cables (D'Addario is great! Hey, R. Ford uses them).  Great price too, much less than what my local music shop asks for these.
Great output Jack, i love this one much more because is more durable. Works fine with any guitar. Try one.
This is an A+ pedalIt's small and fits on a complex pedal board nicely - it does one thing and it does that one thing perfectly...The MXR Micro Flanger works great with distortion or just turn down the effect level and speed up the rotation and it works beautifully on clean passagesIf you want a Flanger to do any more than that you're just goofing off - mostly I need a subtle wash for flanger work and the MXR Micro is perfect for that
First off the pedal is constructed of metal and feels really durable. Turning the knobs on the pedal reveals the the smooth and efficient quality of the pods. The pedal &#34;gets along&#34; fine with no interference with the other pedals on my board. The sound is exceptional and can be adjusted  within a wide range to one's liking. I can't say it's my favorite pedal, but it sure does play a nice role on my pedal board of various effects.
awesome stuff just what i want it
I think a set of five is a bit overkill since i only needed three, but these are a direct replacement for the originals.
works great! pretty simply to swap out the old springs for the new ones, I'd say there was a slightly more smooth feel now when I use the whammy bar
Good upgrade, Fender vintage springs. Use 5 of them (in my case) and they work well. I would recommend this.
There's no substitute for the right part. These are great.  I like having extras around, just in case I rescue another orphaned guitar, to rebuild.  The springs are almost always missing. Cost less here, than at Guitar Center, so bada-bing!
I purchased these to replace the springs on my USA Standard Stratocaster.  These hold a lot more tension than the modern style black springs.  Holds your Trem solidly in place and reduces travel during bends.  Using 10's on my Strat, 3 springs was sufficient, if you want to hard tail it, just drop all 5 in. Great product.
I gave this a 5 star for the simple fact that this tremolo has a bigger block for more sustain and a better all around intonation on any cheaply made guitar, I replaced this with the one that came on my squier affinity strat and let me just say the sustain and over all tone has been shaped on my guitar, it now stays in better tune and sounds amazing, I did also replace the tuners on my chinese made squier as well so that also helps with this tone, sustain and intonation and playing ability of the guitar
This is intended to replace a MIM 6 screw Stratocaster bridge.  It only comes with the bridge, no body screws, no back springs, no arm... nothing.  That's why it's so inexpensive.  What you see in the picture is what you get.But that being said, it a great value if you want to spruce up your MIM Strat.  The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge.  It was incredibly easy to install.  And the sustain is improved.One tip which I forgot, do not tighten the 6 screws into the body all the way. The bridge has to be loose enough for the bridge to move like a hinge.  The springs in the back keep it back.  The string tension keeps it balanced in the front.  What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back.
This bridge is heavily constructed, so the amplified sound is much more vibrant and alive.  It must weigh twice as much as the bridge from my old Indiana Custom S-Type Guitar.  I'm glad I replaced it.  Now I have a lot more guitar for my money.  I probably spent $200 total on my Fender bridge assembly, locking tuners, and Tex-Mex pickups, as well as the original $59 for my used guitar, and I would say I now have the functional equivalent of a $500 Fender Stratocaster, based on sound quality and ease of fingering.  This was time and money well spent.
This comes COMPLETE with bridge, saddles and full size block... and it's FENDER! I don't think this is a true steel block. I believe it's Zinc Alloy but that's Fender's fault. The company I bought it from, Ant Hill Music via Amazon, is very honest and likable people. I have nothing but respect for them and bought two of these for Squiers. They made my cv50's sound fuller with greater sustain. I'm sure I'll buy more in the future.I should add it does not come with a whammy bar but your my old squier whammy bars fit perfectly into it!
replaced my old bridge assembly with this new one and it really brought the strat back to life in terms of looks and feel. also this was priced right in my opinion....
It's not an entire bridge assembly but it's exactly what I needed. In my opinion it is worth the money.
You can mess around swapping parts, pickups, and capacitors.  But the biggest change I've experienced is with the tone block change. The Mexi Tremolo bolted right in to all my Strats and even my MIK Squier.  It went from thin and tinny, to being a real tone monster, with superb sustain.  The combination of the mass of the tone block, and flat steel saddles, has given me the exact sound i was looking for.  Couldn't be happier.
Yes, ever so slightly. Does it give you more sustain? None that I can really tell. People have been debating whether a steel, brass, or pot metal block makes a difference in tone and sustain. I think the main difference is the actual weight or mass. This is what is giving the deeper sound. The strings go over the bridge pieces and so I don't think material matters for the block much, if at all. I think it is about the actual mass. People who will say it makes a big difference are suffering from the placebo effect. Without debate, this will add weight to your guitar. I think for the price, it is worth upgrading the thin old style Mexican blocks. This is pot metal as well, which, again, is fine. The rest of the assembly is well made, as well, and seems just like the stock bridge you would find on a stock MIM strat. If you are thinking of going GFS blocks, this is cheaper, and will fit perfectly without you having the problems of not having holes line up etc., which is a common complaint and indicative of GFS's crummy products in general. I used the bridge pieces on one guitar and the block on another.
The strings have a nice feel to them.Used the to replace factory strings on a recent guitar purchase.They improved the action considerably.
good stuff
These are great strings.  I thought the bullet end was BS hype, but I really think it makes the string stronger and the sound clearer. And even if that is my rusty ears lying to me, I can say with conviction that they definitely fit better with my G&L Legacy guitars - regular strings had the little extra wind from the ball end coming right up to the saddle in some cases - these solve that problem.
With a twang twing twong nothing wrong... gotta love these strings that just wanna sing.
I am revising my previous review on the 3250L's...I have now only had these on my American Stratocaster for two weeks.  I loved them so much at first that I ordered 5 other sets and restrung several of my other Strats and other guitars.BIG mistake.  Why am I so impatient?These were unbelievable right out of the box, bring my Strat to life, giving it an unbelievable feel and sound.But, with every positive, there's usually a negative....and wait for it.....wait for it...yup, there was.I changed pickguards only two weeks after installing this on my Strat and noticed all three smaller strings. G,B &E; were all flat on the fret side.  They were already worn out.  I suspected something as the sound had changed already too, becoming flat after only about a week.This is NOT mu only guitar, I now have 17 total and rotate playing so I bet I hadn't played the Strat for more than6 hours or so.Now, I'm so disappointed.  I'm going to step up to the 250's, then the 150 if I have to.  I love the sound but don't want to change strings every week.To make a long story short, I wouldn't buy these again unfortunately and the search goes on for the perfect set of strings.
Great strings! Used them for years -- always loved them. Put them on an Eric Johnson strat. Wouldn't use anything low quality for that guitar.
I have been buying this string for many years and will continue to do so john  View tips and guidelines | Headline & 20 more words required.///
These seem to be quite well constructed electric guitar strings which I will appreciate for a long while.  Rock On!
the strings are very comfortable on the fingers and sound pretty good the bullet ends work well with the trem on my axe
These were the strings I started on a year ago ,and have tried a few different brands in this time frame. They hold up IMO as well or better than most brands I've tried ,especially for the price. I probably change my strings more than necessary so I have gravitated to finding the lowest price strings of at least decent quality. These fit that requirement well.
I ordered these for my son who is a whiz on the guitar. He uses them for both electric guitar and acoustic guitar. He swears by them and loves how they stay in his grip without slipping while picking and going nutso on his guitars! Buy them, you won't be sorry. Plus, wow its a great price.
I use these and the next heavier and have since they came out and the standard model before that. Great grip, slow wearing and they don't break. I've been playing since 1973 and switched to Dunlops way, way back and have never found another I prefered. So give them a try.
This is my go to favorite pick especially for strumming. I Love the added level of control the grip surface gives me.
Easy to hold onto. I'm a big fan of the Dunlop picks and these are great for playing live because you simply won't drop them.
These are a little "flubby", thick and soft, for my taste in guitar picks, but they mellow out the tinny sound of my mandolin beautifully. The textured grip surface is great.
I have tried other picks like this that had points which wen't as confortable. This one is more confortable and has great grip. If you drop your picks a lot then this is a great pick to try out.
These things are so great! I get sweaty hands when playing so the slick celluloid picks were wanting to slide in and I'd have to keep dryin off my fingers and adjusting the pick. With these I can play anything without having to worry about the pick goin anywhere. The .88 thickness is also ideal for just about any sort of music since you can chug some heavy riffs and go up and shred without any hiccups. Very nice. One thing yo note is they like to cling to each other, so if youre using one of those little pick holders when you pull one out they all want to come with it. but not that big a deal. Definitely recommend these if you're sick of picks slipping out of your hands!
these come in multiple thickness and are great because of the thickness and the grip that is on the pick. makes it much easier to hold the pick as your hands get sweaty
I pick a lot when I play the bass (fast, rock stuff) and these are perfect! They bend just the right amount so I don't make any loud plucking sounds while playing. They really grip too. Short of using superglue on your fingers, these definitely do what say they do!
I mostly play metal (7,6 string extended scale) and usually lean towards heavy duty picks such as Dava for riffs. But these picks are pretty amazing! The diamond-steel pattern creates a lot of grip and it is pretty hard to drop one of these, compared to a basic pick. This is a great product and would definitely recommend this to any level of player.
I decided to try these because the &#34;normal&#34; picks I was using kept slipping out of my fingers. That was several months ago. I am still using these everyday. Pretty durable and reliable. I do recommend these.
I purchased several thicknesses for my son so he can test them all to determine which ones he liked best.  These 1.0 are not the ones he likes.  I would not get these again in this size.  A little too stiff.  The quality of the picks and grip are great and that is why I rated 4 stars.  The stiffness is just due to preference.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I've used these for years....acoustic and electric. Very hard to beat. I like the feel and texture of these &#34;pics&#34;. They do the job brilliantly.
These picks do have a nice grip, but they deaden the sustain on the guitar considerably. They just aren't quite my cup of tea.
Although this light is a little pricey in my opinion, it really gets the job done. I do like the fact that you can use batteries or a/cadapter to power the light. The nine led's really light up my music stand. The carrying case that comes with it is well made & makestransportation & keeping it stored easy.R. Joyner
That's why I got this...I needed light without the heat!  It works fine.  Just sorry it's a little pain to keep taking battery out if I want to use the AC connection.  Other than that, it's fine, and pretty well constructed.  Seems to take a few bangs without problems!
Nice bright light.  I have the might bright twin lights, and have used them for about 4 years. As with many things, I'm a little older now and need a little more light to read the sheet music.  This light comes in a very nice soft case (though they call it a bag) that holds everything. The switch is conveniently located on top of the light. The clamp is very well constructed and is less likely to move...unlike my twin lights.
Let me start off saying that you cannot go wrong buying any of the series of Mighty Bright music stand lamps.  The Orchestra lamp in particular is a fantastic product.  It provides plenty of smooth, even light and is sleek in design.  And the carrying case makes it very portable.  Fits best on flat metal, and has a tight clamp.  I have a portable stand which does not have a flat metal base...so I used a sturdy piece of foam board to clamp to...works great.  The unit uses three AA batteries. I started off using 3  batteries and they do work but light drops off within about four hours.  I prefer to use the 13 foot adapter cord.  I am an older person who has old eyes. Sometimes lower C and lower A look alike.  Mighty Bright Orchestra Light to the rescue!  The clip is also much larger than the image would let you believe; however, the base is curved to allow your music to easily lay on top.Some comments have indicated that when plugging the AC adapter into the base apparently did not disconnect the batteries as expected. The unit I purchased does disconnect the batteries upon insertion of the power cord into the clip. To confirm this on your unit: (1) DISCONNECT the AC adapter from the wall and from the light, (2) load batteries into the clip, and turn on the light, finally (3) with the AC adapter STILL DISCONNECTED from the wall outlet, plug the cable into the base. The light should go out. If it doesn't, your unit is not isolating the batteries from the AC adapter, and may present a fire hazard if the batteries are installed when the AC adapter is plugged in.
I've owned a half-dozen LED music stand lights over the years. This one puts them all in the shade (pun intended; sorry).The 9-LED bar spreads the light well in a wide fan pattern. The light is concentrated in the desired area and doesn't spread everywhere like it does with incandescent lights. The little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. The light is two-level: normal and BRIGHT! Normal is plenty good enough for shows in a darkened theater. The fact that the light is white rather than the yellow typical of stand-light bulbs is a definite plus. If you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. The light spread is so smooth and consistent that I don't have to waste time maneuvering the heads to find the optimum light pattern like is necessary with two-head stand lights.The gooseneck is reasonably stiff and should hold up well. The included AC adapter has a much longer cord than typical for these lights. The included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. It has a pocket inside the upper part for batteries, a clip attachment for the light base and elastic holders for the top of the light, and a small pocket for the AC adapter. It's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. I don't know about battery life yet, but at least they include a pack with the light just like they included the AC adapter (usually an optional purchase).This light is a bit large compared to other LED stand lights, but it's so good that I don't really care. I've gotten years of service from Mighty Bright lights, and I expect the same from this. Even if this one doesn't last, I'll keep buying more.
Excellent stand light. Provides a cool, bright, clean white light and will cover three or four pages.A  &#34;must-have&#34; if you play in pits or other dimly-lit venues.Get it!
Love these things.I feel a little guilty because I put a pair on my Epiphone Les Paul plus top. I also have them on my Fender Marauder and now I can easily swap straps between guitars and I'm secure in the knowledge it's not going to land on my foot.Yeah you could put one of those plastic Dunlop pick looking things on a regular strap to keep it in place but these look and feel so much cooler. They use a quick connect of the kind found in natural gas, and compressed air connectors. Pull up on the locking ring, slide it on and release.
I have been using strap locks of all types for years. This new Fender Straplocks make installing them on the strap easy. I'm impressed with them. You will be too.
I bought these for my new Strat. They look great, they're easy to install, and they work very well.I like the release, it's performed by squeezing with your thumb over the "F" and with your finger on the the metal ring on the inside of the guitar strap. Hard to explain, but I prefer this to some of the pull-style strap locks I've seen in the past.The only down side is that they aren't as easy to install or uninstall from the strap as the locks that attach with a Hex-type nut. Make sure you have the strap set up at the correct length (for vintage-style leather straps) before you install the locks to avoid having to rework later.
One of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive Fender Custom Shop Telecaster fell flat on the ground.
The best look and performance on a Fender guitar.  I've used the Schaller & Fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  It does have a larger profile, but I find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  Easy to install and have never failed me.  I like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the Schaller & its clones. Outside of security (which I find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks.
These Fender Q/R knobs came in and looked Good on my Schecter.. I haven't had any Problems with them, They installed just Fine. I did have to put a Tooth pick in one of the Screw holes to tighten it up.
everything on a fender should be fender parts - these hold as good as dunlops and are easier to get off with sweaty fingers. these give me more comfort because they are locked on solid and requires a push then pull to come off. I get furious when my guitar comes off the strap so this stopped it and kept the fender mojo going.
I am a bass player and most winders don't work very well with the large tuning keys.  This one works better than anyone I have tried.  None of them work as good as I would like.  Once you learn to loosen up on your grip you will get better results.
This is a great winder. Steel shaft will probably last.One of these should come standard issue with every guitar.
It is sturdy, well made, feels hefty in your hands, with an extremely smooth action - everything the Shubb winder is not.Well, it is made in China, while the Shubb is made in USA. But what is the point if it is so much inferior?I think it proves that it is not about where it is made but how it is designed and manufactured.
What does anyone really want to know about a string winder.  Yes it will help you string your instrument quicker.  And Yes, it's still in one piece. I would buy it again.  You may even buy 2 because the same gnomes that steal pick's and capo's take these too.
There are many cheapie string winders out there, they all look pretty much the same....but they most certainly are not. This one built like a tank. with thick, solid construction. It's built for the long haul. It fits every tuning peg it's ever been fit to, has a cool little compartment built in thats perfect for extra acoustic bridge pins and extra pics, and simply is tough as nails. This is the last one you will ever need to buy.
This thing is a TANK!  I don't think you could break this beast if you wanted to!  The last string winder you will ever buy!
Works awesome :)
Can't complain about a price like this!!! Does the job just fine for what it is, not really anything more you could ask for.  Comes with the proper attachment pieces that you need for most (if not all) microphones, folds up nice and small.  Happy all around!
Good unit for the money, for sure.  It is not road worthy however, in our opinion.  Still, for any smaller gigs, it does a fine job.  Delivery, packaging etc were very good.
Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill.  Tripod base to get over stage cables, and a boom arm with clips.  Works just fine.  Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK.  These are slightly shorter than other stands I have.
I did not think that an amp this size would sound good. Boy was I surprized. This amp out does my old Roland Cube 60.  THis amp is LOUD...VERY LOUD!!!!!  And the tone is adjustable from great cleans to nice heavy dirty sound. All in all a super amp.
Well this amp does have it's pros and cons, however the cons are overshadowed by the pros.Pros:1) Small!!!! 2) sounds like a big combo amp 3) makes overdrive pedals sound better 4) sustain 5) big bottom bass 6) HD construction and components. 7) I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback. 8) it soundsREALLY good!Cons:1) yes, it "could" be louder 2) Not "bright"Now the details,  I have a tube combo amp and in comparison the ZT is a bit on the dull side as far as presence.Its not that it does not have it, just could use more. However this is made up for when you step on your overdriveor distortion. Solos just sing on this amp.  I feel like my guitar pickups and stomp boxes sound better. The ampcompliments your rig in some mysterious way.  I stopped using my combo amp all together because the sounds so good. I also kinda detect some what of a processed chorusy sound plugged straight in when I first turn it on (seems to go away). I know it is an analog path but has some digital modeling processing internally. It also seems to have a positive compression/pumping release that make the notes sing and get louder as they ring.Volume?  For a conservative band in a small room it fits the bill. Mic'ing for larger venues would work just fine.If you're in a LOUD band, you might consider plugging in an external cabinet as it does have that option. (darn I meant to test before this review). TIP- so on youtube and some other forums guys are making the amp louder by plugging a blank cord into the1/8" aux input on the back. I tested this and yes, it does go louder for whatever the reason. (I'll be getting a blank 1/8"jack to put it that aux port) A small but very noticeable volume increase. If you need to be LOUDER then I suggest the larger ZT, but its double the price. A friend of mine has one and he no longer uses his mesa boogie or marshall amps anymore. The 12 club ZT is super loud.I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback.1-100 I rate this a 98% gear head satisfaction. Remember we are talking about a lunchbox with a 6.5" speakera tremendous feat of technology to get that much sound out of a little box.Check it out the reviews on youtube.PART II -Ok, the extension cabinet option: Hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. However do NOT use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - Turn the switch off. It WILL overheat the amp and start acting weird. I found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. I would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. You'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but I would not recommend it.
This is an overpriced item. That is my only complaint. There's enough reviews on here that state the obvious. It is small, it sounds good, and can keep up with a little jazz trio by itself which is amazing. HOWEVER I have to say I'm super uber pissed that the day after I bought this amp at sam ash for $450 it dropped to about $250. How does an amp just come down half price over night? I mean, what kind of scam was this company running if they can afford to stay in business and sell them half the price than they were originally marked at? It's like the blue blocker sunglasses. On TV They're sold for $80. 6 months later you can get them in the barging bin for $2 at CVS. This is not ethical business, this is trying to get as much as you can from your customers with no regard to true value.. PS the ambiance was a better feature than newer verb processors.Edit: Just read another guy who gives it 5 stars because it can be "used as a weapon to knock someone out." Not sure if this amp deserves the 5 stars it is getting, and certainly not because it can bludgeon someone to death in an alley. I stand by my logically opinions of this item. ZT should not have sold this for $450 in the first place. It inadvertently turned customers like me off to the company name.
I've been playing with my brother's Lunchbox and when he first plugged in for a jam at his house I thought he was joking. This amp can easily cut through drums, even in the close confines of his practice studio. Granted, I am not a heavy hitter, but we were messing around with come classic rock from the early 60s and this amp at three on the volume knob was plenty loud.The tone is very good, but not exceptional. It's not as clean as a Fender or Jazz Chorus, but it's still better than many of the amps I've listened to. If you want to make this a spectacular tome machine plug aBoss FBM-1 Fender '59 Bassman Pedalinto it.About the quirks. The ambiance knob is no substitute for reverb. It does give a hall-like sound as you increase it, but was designed to simulate an open back amp more than a true effect. The gain controls the input signal to the amp, and according to the manual is more like a soft overdrive. The volume level is solely controlled with the volume knob with the gain knob playing no real role in how loud the amp gets. Finally, the speaker switch on the rear is for turning the internal speaker on and off, not the speaker out circuit for routing the signal to an external cab. That means that you can use ths amp as a head by turning the 6.5 inch internal speaker off, or have it active with a cab as a set of external speakers in addition to the internal one.Plugging phones into the headphone jack will NOT turn off the internal speaker. You need to do that with the speaker switch. Personally I love that feature because you can also use the phones jack as an output to a PA with the amp's internal speaker still active.You definitely need to follow the instruction manual, and especially the advanced user's guide, or you may be initially disappointed. My brother returned the first unit he purchased because there was a pop when it was turned on or off, as well as a slight hum when it was idling. The replacement amp exhibited the same problems. However, if you follow the manuals (plural) you can prevent both problems. I mentioned quirks - the power on and off procedure and positioning the gain knob to the mid level are the keys to smoothing the amp out.Bottom line: this tiny amp packs a punch and has sound characteristics that have to be heard to believe. If you want true reverb you will need to plug in a pedal (check out theBoss FRV-1 63 Fender Reverb Pedalif you haven't already), but for small venues and practice rooms the ambiance feature is probably all you need. Do take the time to read the documentation before you start using it because when this amp is properly used it's simply amazing.
nice grip,,,,  the are great and a excellent quantity in the box for a musician that lost  constantly are lossing guitar  picks
I'm a bass player and so I don't deal with cut picks much.  These picks are really hard and last forever.  I did not notice any additional string wear or damage.  These would probably better suited to guitarists.
I have tried many picks in my 25+ years of guitar playing and this one is by far the best. I have been using Dunlop for the most recent years, but these are the best. The Carbon Fiber of these Dunlop Jazz III make them as long lasting as you want - when playing rock (slides and picking) they are better than any other material, and still very comfortable for softer rythms and styles like blues or jazz. Their grip is excellent and they feel awesome. Gotta try them! Highly recommended. Cheers!
They are tiny. About half the size of a regular pick. My fingers keep hitting the strings.  Nice grip area. Will last forever, sound great. A bit too thick for me.
I bought a number of these because after the first one I used I fell in love.  They have a fuller sound than other picks and the grip on these is fool proof.  However they don't pinch harmonics well at all, and they will not do scrapes up the Low strings at all.  Two disasters for Classic rock music.  I never seen picks that wouldn't do these things, however I really struggled with these things that seem so easy with other picks.  However minus these two quirks, these are fantastic picks.
Unless you know what you're doing, these things are too small.  If you feel comfortable with your picking skills, the size and stiffness (along with the built in grip) are pretty good.  These are for lead, and not rhythm. The picture won't show it, but they are about the size of a dime.
I think these jazz picks are awesome, nice and light with a gripped texture so you don't have worry about them flying when you solo! I only wish that more came in a single pack.
I ordered them because they are carbon fiber, but love them because I DON'T loose picks anymore! I used to lose a pick every other day. Bought six, still have six a week later. :)Here's how I keep it: about midway over the fretboard, slide it between the E, B, and G strings (the three smallest strings) and slide it up towards the headstock. It has little gecko-like protrusions that grip the E string. Stays in place and CANNOT slip out. Wonderful!
These picks are fantastic, but smaller then picks I've used in the past, but easy to hold onto due to the shape and texture, very durable, believe these are smaller for Jazz use.
If you like thick/heavy gauge picks, but find they wear too fast for you, this is the pick for you. They have a very solid grip to them and are very stiff, but also wear (as in don't wear down) like nothing else. These were a very nice find!
I got these after using Dunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mm for some time.i would choose the Jazz III are better for ME personally because i used to hold my picks wrong.Due to the smaller size of the Jazz III im forced to be a better picker and player.
One day I was getting ready to play a show and stuck my hand in my pocket...my pick was gone. I checked in my case...no picks. So 3 minutes before I start I'm scrambling all over trying to find a pick. Luckily a friend of mine had a spare and handed me one of these. As soon as I touched it I though, this feel weird. I went and played my set using one of these and I absolutely loved it. The pick feels great in my hand and plays really well. And this was the first time I've played with a pick that I knew wasn't going to come flying out of my fingers. After I got home from the show I jumped on Amazon and ordered a pack for myself. Like I said, I love these things.
This is not a pick for windmilling guitarists.  This is a pick for the precision player.  It's really small--noticeably smaller than the red Jazz III picks.  With large fingers like mine, it almost disappears.  But the aggressive grip pattern keeps the pick right where you want it.  It's a very stiff pick, with just enough give to keep from sawing your strings off.The picks are first-rate.  Based on my previous experience with Dunlop picks, this 6-pack will last me for years.  I'm inclined to lose a few along the way, just so I can give Dunlop some repeat business.
These picks are nice but just  too small. My only regret is that I had taken more time to research the size.  They work well just need to be a little bigger.
I do like these picks too.  It has a bit different sound obtained when I use this one.  Will keep them.
I don't use these alot, but when I play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's.
These picks are smaller than a regular guitar pick and they are thick. I use them for playing bass. They work well for that. I have not used them for a regular guitar. I prefer a standard pick for that.
I probably got the wrong gauge, these things have no give at all due to the thickness but I like the small size. They are about half the size of a standard pick, so they are very easy to control.
Purchased these to replace some failing power tubes in my Vox NT15H, and all I can say is that they are great.  After a little break in these brought some new life back into my amp. Greatly improved the tone over the stock Sovteks that where in there originally. Great product for a great price.
Had for over a year, hasn't failed. Bedroom Vox amp, never leaves the house, never turned up above conversational volume level, so I can't elaborate on sound, can only comment on reliability for my usage.
JJ Tubes are the best sounding vacume tubes & the only tubes that go into my vintage & boutique amps,
I purchased this to teach myself to play a keyboard instrument.  This device has delivered everything I wanted and more.
this is a super beginners kit to get ya going and to build from.....the pencil condenser are questionable......they have picked up outside noise(like birds etc) but with a decent bit of white noise (but I may have had them running a bit hot too) the strange clamps have worked well for me
Shipped in time. Didn't test microphones yet, but I think this is best price for 7 microphones. According to the rewievs the sound quality should be quite well. I'll check it later.
I have used these mics more than any other in my mic arsenal. The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same... I have other more expensive mics, but often use these in clubs as a backup (when the drummer doesn't have a favorite or bring his own kick mic). While it cannot stand up to say (my favorite) the D112, it does the job and the overheads are the easiest o.h. mics I have tried yet. The tom mics work on guitar cabinets and the mounting hardware is still in one piece (except for the kick mic mounting bracket) after months of use. I would suggest these mics as a backup for your expensive mics.UPDATE: Now that I have been using them for a while I can say they are reliable, durable and sound good. My AKG drum mic kit sees more action than the Pyle's, but the Pyle mics are always on hand to mic guitar cabs, percussion instruments like congas and whatever else needs mic'ing. The kick drum mic's mount is falling off, but considering how many times these mics have been hit by errant drum sticks and dropped by inexperienced technicians, they are in great shape. These mics have more life left and I have gotten a good amount of use out of them to this point.
For the money, I doubt you can beat these microphones. I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. So far, so good. I will say that the first shipment had a bad mic, but Amazon replaced it for free and paid for re-shipping, so I am happy about that.
I purchased this sometime around September, and when I received it, I tested it, and it seemed to work correctly. I've had no trouble with it that I can remember/think of.
All I can say is, sometimes you get more than what you paid for. While this isn't the new break through tech or the rave of the much, much higher end mics, it does deliver. With a decent mixer you can get a very nice response. Been giggin' since the early 70's and have been hosting an open-mic to boot. I get some seasoned players that grace my stage and none were the wiser of this very nice, super affordable microphone ... it's a charm! 'b' B
I ordered two PDMIC58's and they came with an XLR to 1/4 cable included. However, the quality of these cables are mediocre at best, I recommend purchasing a higher quality cable with your order.Now to the performance. This mic is built like a tank, yes, as others have said. It is somewhat heavy but not too heavy, in other words, it doesn't feel like a "cheap".As for the sound quality, I would have to say 3 out of 5 because the mic doesn't sound as clear as I would like it to be. Now I'm not a professional, but this is just my opinion. I'm not saying it sounds muddy, but it sounds tinny, you'll have to see for yourself.Other reviews have also said that this is a great back-up mic or karaoke mic, I agree. However, if you are looking to record professional sounding tracks, you won't find it at this price.Value? To me, I think it's definitely a mic worth having, even if it's just laying around, at this price, you can't beat it. It's a great mic for the price.-Update-After using this microphone for a while, I find it to be somewhat lacking. Don't get my wrong though, for the price, it definitely performs as it should. However, if you are looking to make quality recordings, I would pass on this purchase.
great microphone at a very good rice
I use it as a practice mic. It's fine if no one hears you! But if your gonna use it live. just suck it up and buy a shure sm58. But if you just need something you can ware out and not care, this will do fine.
I would recommend this mic for any application from home studios to a spare mic for any musician. They use a heavy metal casing that appears durable, and the cord is decent enough for live sound, but a very slight hum was present with my guitar/harp amp. I would pay this price for just the element! It is truly a great buy, and I would use it for armature work any day. I use it for harp (harmonica) and it works great, and it sounds smooth with vocals too. I would recommend it to any friend, and I already have... Worth every penny!
No on/off switch is a bummer, but it works! Solid construction, decent sound, comes with a cable for convenience.UPDATE After playing in a small shed for a while, the bass player was complaining of some crazy rattling when he played a B note. We messed with the PA and all the electronics. What it came down to, was my mic (Pyle-Pro PDMIC58 Professional Moving Coil Dynamic Handheld Microphone) placement. I switched mics and kept them in the exact same position, and the rattle went away. Whats all this mean? The quality of this mic is just ok. If you've got a lot of sound going on, maybe get a better one.
I bought this for my kids aged 6 & 8, they love it. However it has not proven to be kid-proof. The microphone cable is too fragile and they quickly broke the connectors on each end forcing me to buy another cable.When it's working they love singing and it sounds fairly good - no complaints about the sound quality.
Great mic for the price. Is it a SM58? No, but sounds pretty damn good. It's light, don't know if it would handle major abuse, but wow...for 12 bucks. you really can't go wrong. Plus, they throw in a cheapo cable for a backup. It also looks pretty damn sharp. Don't see how they even afford to make these things for this price. If you want a really good SM58 clone, I would recommend a Behringer XM8500. If you are looking for a back up mic, or you are a cheapo, this will probably satisfy you. I would have knocked off a couple of stars if it was over 20 bucks, but for 12 bucks...I don't think you are gonna find a better microphone.
It was delivered fast. When I hooked it up I didn't expect it to be so loud and clear. So powerful it picked up every breath I took between the lyrics. When I put a wind screen on it, the sound was so nice I couldn't stop singing for another hour. I only meant to test it when I unpacked it. I'm buying more. At that price it's a steal! Get a couple NOW! Before supply and demand kicks in.
How in the World can they sell a very good microphone for $15??The cord that comes with it is worth more than that.Bought it to hear how my harmonicas would sound amped.Very good sound quality, plenty of gain.Would reccommend this for voice or instrument use. Has a 1/4in jack to easily plug into a guitar amp.If you need a good Mic or Mics & don't wan't to break the budget get one or a bunch of em'.You won't feel so bad when one falls off the stage & breaks. You'll still have a nice cord you can use on any Mic!!Very good purchase.Joe
Works well on my amp, not so well on my computer workstation. It's a decent dj/announcer mic or for a PA but i wouldn't record anything like singing or music and expect great sound. Has that great heavy mic feel but is definitely no SHURE mic despite the similarities.
Very close to the sound of an SM-58. Not quite as &#34;warm&#34; as the Shure, but this mic has the best sound for the price. I'm very impressed.
I needed a cheap good quality mic, and this fit the bill. Bighter than the SM58 it mimics which is fine for me because my speakers stink. I bought 2 and they were both of the same consistent quality. There is no on/off switch, so expect that you'll shut it off at the mixer.
wow...so pleased with this $12 microphone, packs less of a punch than the Shure SM 58 but works great, very happy so far, used it to microphone some percussion and it worked great, could not really tell the difference from the real thing. If it breaks...so what...it costs 12 bucks, great microphone for someone on a tight budget. Highly recommended.
Very cheap and great for price but recording with this isn't the best idea. good for live performance on a budget
After first receiving the wrong item (not a mike at all) Amazon promptly corrected the error and sent the microphone ordered.This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect. For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. Just be mindful it's inexpensive because it's made in China, but it doesn't feel cheap in any way.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the midrange and upper registers while the low end is slightly attenuated. For most singers, it will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam D40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but it usually only occurs using an unbalanced non-XLR input. In this case, the unbalanced cable that comes with the mike actually works better with the Tascam than the XLR to XLR cable.
its perfectly done but it seems its not fitting Squire fender guitar in terms of E-to-E string spacing, The Low E string out of range and not fit in the hole :(
Great tone and tuning stability. Was a direct drop in for my epi wildkat.  Really helped with the bigsby tuning stability
Such an easy part to install even if you are a clutz.  Makes a massive difference to the sound and can be a half decent price sometimes.  Worth every penny mind you...  Does require some length and height adjustment for some Epiphones and you should have some basic tools and glue to make it stay put..  So far so good.
Cheap and good.  Just what I needed.  No issues in over a year.  Must less expensive and just as good as others.
Good, flexible cable.  The connectors are well fitted.  Fast delivery and a good price. I've bought an additional two since my initial purchase.
I own several of these and general buy from GLS direct but I needed some quick and had other orders from Amazon so I got them hear at same price. GLS is great quality and durable. I use there 100', 30' and 25' cords and have never been disappointed!
Pretty simple, not much review needed for a cut and dry product like this.  Good quality XLR cable that works 100% fine.  I'm happy with this purchase.
Possibly the best quality mic cable I have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. For the working musician or home recording man this is great! Extremely high quality at this price point and are used by professionals all over Southern California and the nation!
I received my cables very fast. The xlr male & the xlr Female are well built.No humm so that is a plus.Thank You.
Good quality cord and connectors.  I had zero noise level using these cords.  Seem to be of a good value.
This is my 3rd set of cables I ordered from Amazon. I needed a lengthy cable for my requirement so ordered this one. The finish  is not bad on the outer PVC layer and coated zinc alloy body. Works fine with my mixer. My previous set of cables ( totally 4 cables) , each one of them develop some kind of problem after few months exactly on the same spot. I guess the inner strings somehow gets broken and stops working. I would see how this goes and update the review. If this one also would result in same condition, I would look for something better. The only reason I ordered the same ones again and again was because of the pricing. They are not expensive to replace.
Some items of GLS work great, others are awful.  Don't trust the products anymore.  It's unfortunate but I don't feel safe with their products, that they'll perform when I need them to..
I received a pair of these two weeks ago and am happy with my purchase. They seem well put together and just feel nice. They also came with two Velcro ties each. With proper care I'm confident these cables will last a very long time.
I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra.
This was a great addition to our studio here at [...] The price was great and quality was awesome. Highly recommend
I ordered these as my first mic cords for a pair of dynamic mics I recently bought. They are very flexible, easy to handle, and of good quality. Even though the jacket material is flexible, it seems strong, and I have no fear of it tearing. The ends are sturdy metal, and they include a pair of velcro straps to keep the unused length (if any) under control. I am very satisfied with these cords, and would highly recommend them.
These cables seem to be better quality than Nady or some other cheap brands I've seen. They work great for me. I'll wait and see how they hold up in the log run. Fingers crossed.I haven't had any problems with them at all so far.
I am president of the International Press Association a global organization of photographers, videographers and journalists.  We have been teaching our members to convert from shooting stills to videos on their DSLR cameras. I needed this cord and a shorter one for an important assignment on a cruise ship and these guys came through in time for me to use both cords.  You can see them in use at our online publication IMPress in this article and video.  Thanks guys will be shopping with you again.[...]
When you're looking into a quality cable you wouldn't expect to find such quality for this price range. The construction is solid, well insulated cording, and having done some test recording with it I will definitely be purchasing more of these as the studio expands.While there may be more expensive cables out there I feel that for the price you are getting something of a higher quality than you would expect. Didn't notice any defects and no static/noise-bleed despite being around lots of other audio equipment, monitors, etc. Even touring or in a mobile studio application I wouldn't be worried about this cable failing or noise bleed.Only regret is not picking up a few more at this price, but I'm sure to order more for future expansion.Not worried at all about using this cable as part of my signal chain and was relieved to have it shipped out and arrive in a timely manner.Quality product, quality vendor.
Good quality cable. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. Seems like it works just as described.Good delivery time, too.
This is certainly a step up from the Hohner Piedmont Blues Harmonica Set that Amazon sells.  I have that one too.  I thought it was O.K., but I found that some of the harps don't work well and the gawd-awful smell!  Actually it went away after awhile, but in the beginning the plastic odor made me light headed.Anywho....This is a nicer set.  All harps work.  They feel substantial. No smell.  Pay the extra money and get this set.**UPDATE**  The letters designating the key wears off pretty quickly.  A nusisance.
I bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes I record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... Ill use these sparingly...Jim
I play harp with some some that I perform. I found that all of these Harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, I have G Blues harp that I compared the G harp to and the notes were a little off. The C harp was terrible. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. I going to see if I can return them for store credit.
you really have to have a lot of wind inside you to play these harmonicas, they are great but you really got to blow hard to get them rocking, adding distortion to them helps to brings out a better sound live or in the studio. These fit my budget and plus you get EVERY KEY you need for any song......WOW... Hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company.
Nice and thick, the adhesive is very strong. I have used it on microphone electronics to shield out RF noise. If you don't have the shielding grounded, or in a continuous loop, it won't work. If you hear hum, it's not the shielding, it's your technique.
You really need to double the quantity and charge accordingly. The single order wasn't really enough to do one guitar and I doubt you could do a bass, either. I used the copper under a clear pickguard, which matched the rest of the guitar pretty closely. Then, I finished the pickguard compartment and the jack area with aluminum foil tape from my local hardware store.
This is the best thing I have done to my Telecaster. I had some noise, even at moderate volumes. After shielding, it is absolutely quiet. This peel and stick tape has conductive glue, so you don't have to solder the overlap joints. I overlapped about 1/4&#34; and had a 3 1/2&#34; X 8&#34; piece left over after shielding two humbucking pickups and the control cavity. The tape is petty easy to use, sticks well inside the cavities and is strong( I didn't break or tear any pieces). I will definitely be using this product on my next guitar build. There is probably enough tape to do two telecasters with single coil pickups.
If your electric guitar is noisy and crackly then you need this tape to shield it, even with humbuckers my guitar was picking up noise, interference , I installed this copper tape and the only sound comin from my guitar is sweet sweet music, no more hum, noise, crackling etc. overall this was an excellent buy
Item is as described. You receive 3 felt picks, plus a bonus ant hill music pick. (mine was purple) Picks were defect free, but the bonus pick was noticeably dusty from the felt picks, which a clean moist cloth will easily fix. But because the picks were a bit dusty it could transfer to your instrument. None the less the picks make my uke sound louder but you may be hearing the pick a little bit. But over time this starts to disappear. The picks are pretty comfy to hold.
Too thick, no flexibility. Sounds really harsh and like it is ruining my ukulele strings. Tried on bass too, again with less than satisactory results.
I bought these picks because the description said they were for the ukulele. I am having a hard time using the picks on my uke. I guess, I don't like the way the uke sounds when using them. It sounds too harsh because the picks are so stiff.But I am sure other people may disagree. As far as the quality and vendor delivery, I am happy and I have no complaints.I use the picks occasionally. Yes, I would recommend them to other uke players. I would like to let people know they are very stiff. I guess I thought being felt they wouldn't be so stiff. But I am new to playing an instrument, and I guess I just don't have much knowledge about picks.
I actually use these on my bass if my fingers are too worn from heavy playing, they have the same sound as a finger on a string, it is actually a really neat thing to have in my bag. I recomend trying one out some time.
I bought two of these, one for each of my sons (12 and 14). I wanted something sturdy that would stand the test of time and of boys that age. So far they seem awesome. They adjust easily, were easy to assemble and have a great weight to them. Definitely not a flimsy stand.
I'd been shopping for a music stand at local music stores, all of them at the cheapest price for this type with a solid backside are $45 plus tax. This item including shipping cost me only about $23 here from Amazon, and the seller Musician's Friend sent it promptly, got it within 10 business days without any problems. I had no trouble putting the stand together without any instructions. The bolts aren't as easy to adjust compared perhaps to a more expensive stand, but I don't care about that. It's not hard to adjust, and most of the time I have it at a certain height, so no need to fiddle with it, but during a group performance, it did need to be adjusted for different people and that was ok but could be smoother. If you're someone who needs to fiddle with the stand height constantly you might want to get a higher priced one that makes that easier, but if you are only occasionally going to adjust the height, it's no big deal. Other than that, it is a solid and handy stand that meets expectations and does what it should, for 1/2 price off retail. Excellent. I'm completely satisfied with this.
A great item for the price. Comes in two pieces and is easy to assemble. You only need to put in the two screws that attach the head to the stand. Each screw has a wing nut that you tighten by hand. It took me about 3 minutes to put together with no directions. It looks to be very solid and goes much higher than many other stands. Its also pretty lightweight and as I said the head comes off with two screws if you want to break it down for traveling. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
I bought this for my granddaughter to use at home for her flute practice.  Very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old.  Should last her a very long time.
The stand seems sturdy, the base is like a tripod base of a mic stand, so it may hold up better in the long run than my other stands that have the "clamping" type of base. The top of the stand is shorter than my others, not really a problem but worth mentioning. The only gripe I could have with the stand is that the top takes two screws and two wingnuts, so it is not practical to use for gigging / setting up / tearing down. I will leave this one in my studio and use the others for shows. For the price, very sturdy and seems to be nice quality.
Needed a music stand of a certain width to fit in my gig bag.  This one fit perfectly.  It's adjustable and allows me to fit a clamp-on microphone boom arm.  Saves space at cramped gig sites.  Don't lose the wing nut, though.  It tends to fall off (since you must completely remove it to break the stand down for transport.  Not worth lowering to 4 stars, though.
Steady and stable with the lip to hold material without slipping off when turning pages and deep enough to set my metronome on it too. Easily adjustable, good finish, solid, much more stable than the folding ones. Just what I need.
This is an all metal (exc. for the adjusting screw) stand, full-sizedfor 20 bucks.  Exceptional value!!  What more's to say?
These stands are great for my lesson business.  I bought a couple of them and they are just the right height and weight.
Works solid, looks solid, and had a good price. I would recommend it to anyone!I really like this pop filter.
This On Stage ASFSS6 GB Dual Screen Pop Filter performs great and makes me sound professional.  I particularly like the flexible gooseneck, which makes adjustments on target.Also, the filter arrived well packaged and in perfect order.  A well deserved 5 star rating for this affordable product.
I guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when I put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. Sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. Granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but I simply can't recommend personally.
The absolute best strings money can buy for a uke.  Installed on a cheapo soprano, they helped a lot, but they won't do magic.  Good luck.
I have a cheap soprano ukulele and it came with plastic strings?  I put Aquila strings on it and now it sounds so good. It is amazing what difference the strings can make. I have 3 ukuleles in different sizes and they all have Aquila strings. Highly recommended.
A perfect sounding string!  The crisp ring these strings give is undeniable, they are the best you can get.  Your uke is going to come with crappy strings, change them to Aquilas!!
What else can be said about Aquila? High priced Ukuleles have them standard for a reason, they are simply the best. Even if you have a very cheap ukulele, adding these strings can turn a toy uke into something that wont embarrass you. I use Aquila and Martin strings in my ukuleles, the Aquila for most performances, and the Martins for those songs that require a faster strum pattern or a more traditional &#34;Hawaiian&#34; sound, as the Aquilas are a tad heavier than Martin. Even if this if you only have one ukulele, and you won't for long, you can't go wrong with these strings.
As a guitar player, I recently (march 2013) started to play the uke.  I bought these strings to replace the set that came on the instrument.  These string play good and stay in tune pretty well.  I will buy again.
Best Ukulele strings I have found to date.  And I've been playing stringed instruments and uku's for quite a while now.  I like 'em.
Worth every penny. Great sound and stays in tune. Will definitely make any uke sound great. I replaced the stock strings on a MAKALA DOLPHIN with these and it sounds like a more expensive uke. They are easier on the fingers and stay in tune much better than the cheap strings that came with the uke. Definitely would recommend these.
Fantastic sound -- just trust what everyone on here is saying -- if you buy these strings and slap em on a cheap ukulele, you will have bought yourself hundreds of hours of playing and fun!
I have one setting that I like, and the only button or knob I use is to turn it on or off. Would never use it to record, but for the price it is 100% an awesome choice! Totally sufficient for a live situation if your amp doesn't have reverb, or you just want to easily turn reverb on or off.
sounds great.  Love the sound of this pedal but a few quirks.  It does not work well with a daisy chain power supply.  with this set up the second channel will distort a bit.  Forget batteries. They last 5-10 minutes.  With its own power supply sounds amazing esp when one takes in to consideration the price
My newest amp (the Marshall JVM410 Joe Satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function I absolutely love. But then I needed a reverb pedal. Honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. Give it a try. I've been using it for a few weeks and I'm extremely happy with it.
I have 6 amps. One of which is a good tube amp, but with digital reverb. It fails to sound right. So. I researched reverb pedals and found the Biyang RV-10 Tri Reverb to be the best in design, tone, and value on the market. I was not wrong. Have had this unit for well over a month now and it still is amazing in how it produces just what was lacking with that one amp's pitiful excuse for reverb.This device, with it's three different reverb settings, is just right for any style music you play. The spring setting is really quite real in how it trails off and that doesn't happen in a digital device. Analog has that warmth that the digital fails to produce. The hall setting is wonderful. Rich, but not too over powering. The A/B switch is kinda a nice touch. Much like a bright switch or a presence enhancer. And the fact that it is stereo both in and out is just icing on the cake.Since it resides on my board, I have grown to use it even with amps I have that are built with good reverb. I'm so acustom to the great sound of the Biyang that I just use it for nearly every amp I own. It's that good.
I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb...but I don't have the funds, and I don't have the back to lug one of those around anymore. So my Baby Boom does the trick!! It's close enough for my needs!
Didn't want to spend $150 for a reverb so gave this a try. Nice unit. Recreates spring reverb very accurately. Playing through a 333 tube amp and it sounds like the spring amp in my Fender. For the price you can't go wrong.
Nice reverb. Can get all of the reverb sounds you want. Got to play with it but I got dialed in easy
I've been using it for nearly a year now. I was going to buy the Boss RV-5 when I somehow discovered Biyang. I had never heard of them, but at 1/3 the price of the Boss AND stereo Ins and Outs, I gave it a try and I haven't looked back. The 3 modes are nice. I leave mine set on hall because I've never liked spring reverb, but the spring setting on this pedal does sound exactly like a spring reverb. The decay time in any mode is more than enough for probably anybody, and I can say the same for the blend control. Overall, this is a great pedal with lots of sounds that will suit just about any style of playing. More than enough decay and wetness. Seems well-built. I've since bought other Biyang pedals and I have never had any issues like other reviewers have stated. I'm not ashamed of having Chinese clones on my board. In fact, I highly recommend Biyang whenever somebody asks about it.
Well I didn't expect much due to the price... But trust me this thing is really good...I've tried EH nano grail. I own the holier grail.  I've heard the boss verbs. And I really like this one. Save your money this pedal is good enough...I'll make a video and post it soon...
I just picked up a Pod HD500 and I love it. Of course a couple days later they announced the HD500x, but it doesn't look like they've made any major changes. Anyway, if you're thinking of getting one, here are my thoughts, in no particular order:*This thing is versatile. You can use it in a number of different ways. Just as an effects board with 8 customized effects, with effects and amp sims, as a midi controller, and as a recording interface, to name a few*Line 6 gave you access to the guts. Everything is tweakable, assignable, and flexible. They trust their users to read the freaking manual. I'm amazed at how much you can customize this thing to suit your needs. Want the foot pedal to control the feedback level on the delay? No problemo!*For live performance, this thing would be perfect. It allows you to organize your presets in "Set Lists" and name everything whatever you want. You can change between banks of patches easily and change between the patches themselves.*While not all the effects are my cup of tea (in particular, some of the distortions sound too harsh to my ear) there are enough options to make anyone happy. For example, I love the distortion I get from the tube compressor with the drive turned up.*The built in looper goes forward, backward, half speed, before effects, after effects. Fantastic!* It's built like a tank. Metal exterior, everything feels solid and like it will last longer than I willIf you've got the cash and need a solid array of effects for live performance, take a look at these and the new 500x version. Just buying a handful of the actual pedals this simulates (not to mention the amps) would cost you more money, assuming you could even find some of the vintage ones. Truly a great piece of gear!
I've had several PODs and have never really been impressed with their tone. Right out of the box, the HD 500 totally blew me away. I know their marketing calls it "HD" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the HD series and the older PODs. I can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older PODs without much tweaking and NO EQing (although one can tweak the tone with several EQs).One complaint with the older PODs (that I agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. This is not the case with the HD 500. I've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.At first, I purchased theLine 6 POD HD 300because I didn't see the value of the HD 500. After thinking about it, I decided to pick up the HD 500 and compare the two pedals. I definitely think the HD 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. There are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. The wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (I could be wrong, but I DO remember them being different). The dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the HD 500 are amazing. I'm sure I'm forgetting some differences, but I know I'm happy that I went with the HD 500 over the HD 300.The drivers seem to work great on both Windows 7 Pro 64-bit and Mac OS 10.6 (they have 64-bit Mac drivers now). The included software is OK - I get the feeling they are still building it out. It's a bit glitchy but seems to work OK for the most part. The software updater works great and I've already had a couple of firmware updates since I purchased the HD 500 (bug fixes). There is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".I nearly purchased the M13 to plug into myFender Super Champ XD Electric Guitar Amplifier, but I noticed the HD 500 had the same number of effects PLUS amp modelling for the same price! I know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the HD 500 made much more sense. I can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. To use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. I also decided to test playing the HD 500 directly into aBehringer Eurolive B215D Active 550-Watt 2-Way PA Speaker System with 15-inch Woofer and 1.35-inch Compression Driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (I get the Behringer today, so we'll see).The build quality over the POD X3 Live has improved. The case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. I can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. I also purchased aGator GK2110 Compact Keyboard Gig Bag, which fits the HD 500 (albeit very snugly).Overall I'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles.
The Line 6 POD HD500 has too-much compression even with the compression effect turned off.  If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then I recommend getting the BOSS GT-10 and installing BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
You'll see much controversy about this device if you read the line 6 forum. My own opinion about this is "I Love it". I play the guitar privately (not live in public) and I have no complaints at all. I still use it all the time and learn something new everyday.
GLS continues to supply top quality cables at a reasonable price. I have been happy with all my purchases from GLS to date and will continue to use them whenever the need arises.
I've been using GLS cable for years now and I never had a problem with it. They're good quality cable and will go a long way if you will take care of it.
I bought an Ibanez Concert size uke.  The body is 2 inches wide (less than the 2.75 inches stated for this stand).  My uke does not fit well in the stand.  Why?  The twin forks at the base that hold the instrument are both too narrow, and the curve downward from the stand is not proper for this uke.  Thus, any uke that is concert size or greater.  So, most ukes don't fit well.  They fit, just not well.I did, and you will likely need this advice, remove the bottom fork, turn it upside down, and reinstall it (no tools required).  Now the "curve" of it is upward, and the uke better sits on it.  The fit is improved.  Not great but better.  One stand can't fit all instruments, but my full size guitar stands hold most all guitars.  This small stand does not hold most all ukes.Although its neat how it folds up, like the video here on Amazon reviews, it is very heavy for its size.  This is not a lightweight stand.  At all.  Surprisingly heavy, and not one that you will be lugging around day to day in your uke gig bag, trust me.I wish I got the Hercules standHercules GS402B Mini Stand. All Hercules stuff is superb, and my friend has one for his uke and says it's sublime (I don't own it, myself, so I just present this so you can research it and it's reviews on Amazon). I own other Herc stuff, and it's all ideal, and for a few bucks more, I could have had that lifelong-use stand instead of this one.  Oh, well, for once, I got cheap.  And got burned for it.All in all, not great, this tiny stand.  One stand fits NOT all.  Perhaps a violin or something would be better on this stand, but I think the general shape of it is less than ideal for most instruments.  You may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the Amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all.  It's just an imperfect design. My take on it, your mileage may vary.  Bye bye.
This stand does its job quite well.  The only problem I can foresee anyone having, is there are no instructions on the proper way to unfold it.  It's not a difficult problem to solve though, so be patient and all will work out.**** Update****I just want to add that the seller of this item went above and beyond, as far as customer service.  I have nothing but praise for them!
Just recieved my stand. It fits the mandolin perfect,It also fits my wifes Ukelele--- So I ordered a second one this morning. Its made very well. Is compact once its folded up. The price was  awesome.I totaly recomend this stand for anyone that has a small stringed insterment. Thank -you so much
I played the Wedding March at my son's outdoor wedding back in April and I needed an amp so folks would be able to hear me.  I plugged in my Martin HD-28 and all went well.  The Martin has an Fishman Infinity Pickup (narrow style) in it and together with the pickup, this amp put out a real sweet sound.  As I said, the wedding was outdoors and everyone complimented me on the Wedding March, so I know they heard me - and I didn't even have to crank up the volume.In my den, when I practiced, I barely raised the volume, else it would have been WAY too loud.  So, in short, I'd buy it again.
I am mostly happy with this amp, it sounds great for my acoustic amplification needs.  With that said, when I was shopping around for an amp, both online and in person, ALL the amps I tried and read about (both very expensive and very cheap amps) had one characteristic in common, which is missing from this one, and which I thought was universal: it doesn't allow you to connect a headphone for private practicing, I had to purchase a headphone amp separately, wasn't expecting that.This may seem a nit pick, but considering the universality of this feature, you are best advised to know it is not present in this amp.  Other than that, this is a great amp.  I could see myself making a recording in a small to medium venue with it.
Nice little acoustic amplifier that gets the job done with high fidelity and sufficient volume.  Numerous reviews posted on Amazon, Sweetwater Sound, and Musician's Friend pages and the positive ones pretty much all hit the mark.  This is 60W mini-PA that amplifies your guitar nicely and reproduces vocals beautifully- if you have a quality mic.  There are 'package' sets with this amp by other sellers on Amazon that bundle cables and mics, et cetera... recommend steering away from that and just buying the amp from Amazon and getting a Shure SM58 (or other quality mic) seperately.Many reviews talk about the durability and how easy the amp is to ding and scratch cosmetically.  I see potential for that, too- thus the need for a carry bag mentioned below.  But I don't see this as a big downer and I personally don't mind if it takes on a road worn appeareance after bumping it a few times.  If appearance is your thing, shell out the extra $200 and buy a Roland or Fender...Shop around... click around... if you buy &#34;items sold from Amazon&#34; you can depend on Free Shipping.  If you buy from sellers THROUGH Amazon you will usually pay shipping and the overall pricetag will be bigger.  And as I've stated on other reviews, other sellers that sell through Amazon sometimes ship slower or make mistakes with shipping... so know that going in.  On your major music retailers' sites this baby is going for $360 to $380.  Got it to my door for $304.  I really can't say enough about the ease of shopping, trustworthiness, and quick delivery of items sold by Amazon.  5 stars just for service... the fact that the Amp is awesome makes it that much better.You probably won't be able to find a carry case that fits this amp, but I bought the 'Singer Black universal Sewing Machine Tote' for just over $20 and it's perfect.  It fits the mini snugly, with room for odds and ends like cables and mics and maybe a few small pedals.  With my current setup I can walk in the room carrying the whole shebang in two hands, and that's really neat.  The closest 'amp case' would be $100 1x12 combo case that won't fit right and would take away from the whole portability thing.You're not going to find 20 lbs and $300 worth of quality amp anywhere else.  When compared to other makers (Fender/Roland) nothing gets the consistently good reviews that this little guy gets, and I understand why.  Recommend without hesitation!  And as with all my reviews if something goes wrong down the road I'll edit the review to share.  But I expect that this amp will meet my needs for a long time to come...
Acoustic guitar amps have more in common with stereo systems than traditional electric guitar amps: neutral full-range sound (rather than crunch & distortion), high power ratings for clean tone, full range speaker system with woofer and tweeter and sensitive preamp inputs optimized for the low output of piezo pickups. Unfortunately for me, acoustic amps tend to be optimized for steel-strings and rarely get classical guitar tone right, even with dial diddling. As a dedicated nylon-string player, I'm always looking for the holy grail of amps. Is the Mini sent from heaven?PIEZO TONE: I jacked in my Takamine LTD2012 Classical and Hirade TH8SS (classicals with Cool Tubes preamps) and with tone controls set flat and had my ears pinned back with shockingly powerful output. The master volume was barely cracked but this little guy is loud and muscular. Unfortunately, that big sound wasn't natural and sounded closer to an electric guitar than a classical: big bass, bright lower trebles, weak mids, quacky tone and compressed. Obviously, under-saddle piezo pickups are no studio mic but it should sound better than this. So I diddled the controls and it improved a bit but I couldn't dial in a pleasing tone. The best timbre with my Hirades was bass-11:00, mid-3:00 and treble-9:00 (clock face orientation).Some acoustic guitar amps allow the tweeter to be disabled and I suspect the Mini's overly bright tone would benefit from cutting that little guy from the circuit. As a point of comparison, Cool Tube piezo pickup tone from my 21 year old Trace Elliot TA50R is much more natural, complex and sustained. Cool Tube piezo tone from my SHEN-CPK-8T is drop-dead gorgeous. Perhaps these other amps have additional processing to naturalize and de-piezo the tone? They cost more than the Mini so they gotta earn their keep somehow.I plugged in my mid-1990s Trace Acoustic TAP-1 preamp into the Mini and was able to dial in better tone, albeit still not as good as my ancient TA50R. I also tested my Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. and it rendered more natural classical tone. So you can get decent classical guitar tone if you're willing to carry another box to your gig.REVERB: The single program digital reverb makes amp timbre brighter and harsher sounding, even when mixed in sparingly. Wish this amp had an effects loop as any budget half rack unit will sound better.MIC TONE: I don't normally use a mic for casual gigs but this is feature is handy when you need to mic a friend or blend in a small internal mic for extra ambience. The Mini lacks phantom power so I installed a battery in my Shure 849 condenser mic, set tone controls flat and was greeted with surprisingly natural mic tone. I also tried my ancient Shure SM57 dynamic mic with similar good results, albeit that mic needed a little treble cut. As a point of comparison, the Mini whips my TA50R good in terms of mic output and tone.APPEARANCE & BUILD: The Loudbox looks more attractive than the pictures. And it is much lighter and slightly smaller than my TA50R. If you drag it to gigs you'll find the exterior delicate: the vinyl material and underlying wood are easily damaged by gentle pressure from straps and carts. It's the most delicate amp I've owned.FINAL BLURB: My feelings about this amp are mixed. For value and use as a wee PA it's a 5 star deal. For under saddle pickup classical guitar amplification it works but is far from natural: compressed dynamics, bright lower highs (even at full treble cut) and the dreaded piezo quack. So 2 stars for classical guitar reproduction. The Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. or similar acoustic guitar processor does significantly improve tone, but that's another 2 or 3 bills. Unfortunately, straight out of the cardboard, the Loudbox is not ready for for primetime nylon string reproduction. I suspected the Mini was optimized for steel-string guitar tone, so I borrowed a friend's Takamine EF341S and I was right: steel-string reproduction is significantly better than nylon-string. All in all, the Mini packs a lot of punch for 3 bills and just may be the best buck to tone ratio deal for a novice coffee house artist.
It definitely changes the sound of my Classical Guitar for the better (Pavan TP-30).  It allows the the bass notes to have distinct upper note harmonics/partials and it takes away the boominess of the fundamental.  My initial thought was that it did away with the "blurriness" of the low bass to mid-range response and balanced the entire spectrum of the guitar's range.  Amazing what a $20 piece plastic can do.  Highly recommended.
Actually, it was really easy to install..i just losen 6,5,4,3 string and just put it in and it was over!i felt volume coming out from sound hole is bigger than beforebut tone, i don't know.. maybe im dumb enough to not notice
Let me first start off with the sizing. When they say "Fits Soundholes from 33.75" - 35"", they really mean it.You are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16" smaller than the specifications.I know I did. My friend's Oscar Schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. The edges did not "catch" completely  and it looks terrible.My classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. You could try cutting the edges off the Oport at the fretboard.The main issue is the sound.Yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.However, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.Fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.For me, that does not justify it.A simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.Another thing I found out was what was Amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.The packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. Does it matter? In practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.I guess that is how Amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies.
While the sound improvement is not huge with my guitar, it didn't need to be. When it comes to music, it is&#34; that little extra&#34; that makes the difference. The Planet Waves O-Ports gives me that extra. I have no doubt it will continue to please me for many,many years to come.
This does what it says it does. Anything is better than the rubber plug that was in the soundhole. This is easy to install, I just losened the strings and inserted the o port. My Washburn D-30S will never leave home without one.
I installed one on my Larrivee D10E which created a more focused and pleasing bass response and reduced feedback when amplified. I then tried one on my Breedlove Custom Revival OM with poor results. I believe the Breedlove's inherent bass response conflicts with what the oport is supposed to accomplish. In both cases, I had to cut slots for my pickup controls which takes a little time and care  to do neatly. I think , for 20 bucks it is worth a shot, but don't expect miracles.
Perhaps it may do something of worth for you but if you have one of the finer made guitars this will probably do more to subtract than add to the sound. Be advised that I did not use it in front of a microphone where perhaps the shape of this internal plastic cone might do something you like in directing the sound to a mike. As strictly an issue of natural acoustics, I found it deflected sound in a way that seemed to decrease my guitar's output and resonance. I have an Aria AD-80 which is a very well-made Chinese attempt at cloning a Martin D-42. It can not compete with the real Martin but for the money I paid it was a great buy and it is known as a "sound canon" for it's great natural volume. Adding the O-Port deadened the lows. It just didn't provide any plus at all anywhere else. It is however pretty inexpensive so if you're a nut for nuance and you want to try it for yourself it's not going to break your bank. But again, if you have one of the better makes of guitar where a real person "voiced it" in his or her manufacturing process, this plastic gizmo will likely subtract from that and not add anything. I'm an acoustic nut and I'd love to have a sound port in the side of my guitar to hear everything that goes on inside that box. The O-port seemed to "corral" the sound and shoot it out that plastic horn not allowing me to hear some of the resonance of the sound bouncing back off the back and sides below the sound hole. Sorry to be a crab about it--I like Planet Waves stuff and they were very good to me personally in the "Humidipak" recall a few years back. But this product was a waste to me.
Not sure if it did improve my sound or not.  I have a fender dreadnought acoustic and I couldn't really tell that much.  Maybe just a little.
I used it to whenever I am changing guitar strings and whenever I am tuning and intonating my Fender Strat. The surface is perfect (no rolling away of screws, no scratching of the guitar shiny finish, perfect)
The mat is just the right size for your guitar when performing maintenance.  It is firm but is soft enough to protect the finish of your guitar.  Spills are easily wiped up and do not leave a stain on the mat.
A nice work mat of adequate size that provides a nice non-static covering for the bench.  Grey color makes it easy to easy to see small parts, etc, as opposed to some black mats where black objects are hard to differentiate.
It works but shut it down as soon as you are finished tuning up. It eats batteries like nothing this size I have ever seen. The swivel ball socket broke and I had to glue the arm into the remaining socket. Hmmm.
My friend has commented on its bright color - "you'll never lose that thing!" I hope he's right cause I love this little tuner. Works well and easier to read than many of its competitors.
I have another cheap clip on tuner from guitarfetish.com which works well.  The Snark is a bit larger (only an issue, really, if you don't like having something clipped to your headstock) but it's much easier to read, and it's very sensitive and accurate (according to my ear, anyway).  Easy to use, picks up the note very quickly, and the colored visual indicators are so easy to see, even in bright light, which can be an issue with my other one.Also, someone made this point in another review - this thing can be a great training tool to learn the notes all over the neck. It picks up the note very quickly, and so it can be used very easily for that purpose, as well.
I bought this just to see what everyone was raving about.It's all true.This tuner works great!It is better than my Intelli 600, which I also like.The colors and lighting make it very easy to read.It has no problem with the low E string. Obviously more sensitive.The Intelli works, but sometimes you have to move it around to find a sweet spot for the low E.As with the Intelli, it is not affected by ambient noise.The only thing I find worse than the Intelli is the gooseneck. While it is very adjustable, the Intell folds flat which I really like.The Snark is well worth it's small price!
I bought it for my violin I was a bit reluctant because I uses vibrations to tune and I was hoping not to get something useless. Its been great so far. Its easy to use I clip it on my violin and tune I like to keep it on while I play to make sure I have my fingers in the correct spot as it shows the note I'm playing.
Has worked very well so far.  Need to make sure it is extremely quiet area when you tune but has worked well and easy to use.
great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this.
I've had the same tuner for years. I decided to upgrade. I got this because it had alot of good reviews and it was fairly cheap. It tunes better than any tuner I've ever used. Worth every penny!
I used this on my bass, which up until recently I was trying to tune by ear. I had it close but it's the fine tuning that really helps. This tuner really opened my eyes to how much even being a little bit off can change the sound. I am a beginner so you gotta cut me some slack on that one. But the tuner was a snap to figure out and I had my bass tuned in less than a half hour.
Accurate little accessory only works with guitars. It seems to me that this tuner works by sensing vibrations of things that it is in contact with. Only buy this if you intend to use it with a guitar. I don't know how effective this would be with other stringed instruments, or for uses other than tuning.
Easy to use, Seems to be well made. I only gave it 4 stars because I wish the built in Metronome made a noise you could hear as you play. Having to look at the beating heart while you play is very difficult.
This Snark tuner is a very clever gadget that is simple to use (even for my children) and works well. The display is easy to understand and is very accurate (confirmed by our guitar teacher's meter). The Snark also has protective grips so it will not damage the guitar finish.Everything should be this easy to use and work this well!Highly Recommended!CFH
I see sales people at guitar stores walking around with these things clipped to their shirts.  Much more fun than a black box. I own one of each model.
Although I didn't purchase my Snark SN-1 on Amazon, I wanted to share my excellent customer service experience about a company that clearly cares about its customers. I had a problem with my Snark, and the company displayed first class customer service -- exceeding my expectations. The SN-1 is a must-have as far as I'm concerned. I had been using my iPhone until a friend recommended the Snark tuner. SO much easier to use, and I like the logical incremental LED display that shows if you're flat or sharp. On my iPhone, the app I've been using doesn't always display the frequency when I'm really out of tune, so I have no visual indicator of where the tuning is at. If I had a better ear, no problem, but such is not the case.Snark not only shows you with the bar display, but also displays the notes your string is playing. Much easier -- you don't need to select your tuning or anything first. It picks up your frequency on whatever string you're on and you simply dial it in.Great, sturdy clip with a well thought-out foot pad works perfectly with my acoustic and electric. I usually just leave the Snark on my music stand where I can use the visual metronome. You can also just clip it to a nearby desk. Buy this with confidence -- you'll love it.******************************EDIT: Although I still love this little tuner, my model has suffered a few issues which I will address here. I'm not certain if it's a design flaw or not, but the little plastic pieces that serve as the socket joint on both ends of the adjustable ball arm have a tendency to snap off. I think the manufacturer should look into this and perhaps design a single ring of plastic which may have more integrity. Also, the rubber feet fell off long ago with very moderate use at my home. The electronics themselves have held up admirably.
This tuner clips on easily to all the instruments I have, shows pitch quickly and accurately. The screen is bright, and the battery lasts a very long time. It actually just dims the display as the battery is dying, and can last like that for months. I've banged mine around a bit, and it's stayed in one piece. The plastic is solid but not unbreakable. The size of the tuner is a bit large, it's not the smallest on the market, but it is small and light enough that when I leave it on my uke's headstock I can't feel the extra weight. Easy to operate, easy to read. I like it so much I got another one right away when I thought I'd lost the first. Now I have two, and am considering getting a third to keep in the travel bag.
There is a problem with the design.  When you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off.  The tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes.
Even though I have a tuner in my pedalboard setup, and one on my iMac via MainStage 3, the Snark is indispensable. It's perfect for those times when you don't want to drag out a bunch of gear, and just want to noodle around, even without an amp. I use this little guy for electric guitars, and could see it being perfect for acoustic guitars, as it barely takes up any room at all in a case or gig bag.
I have about 4 different types of tuners and this is the best of them all. I have small kids and birds around the house so many tuners get lost with the noise. This one works off the vibration of the guitar so it is right every time even with a lot of noise around.
For some reason, this one just doesn't hit the notes right.  It looks like it should tune more precise than other models but the tone is way off for mine anyway.  I have tried it several times and it just doesn't tune right.  Then I recheck with my other brand and it's not even close.  Maybe I just got a bad one?  I like that this one shuts off automatically..but again, it's WAY off tune.I did like the style, size and color.....but it doesn't work right so it's like running with a flat tire...
I wonder if all these Snarks, no matter whether they are 1 to 12 , have all the same frequency ranges.  I have them all, and they all work great!
Been playing for five decades now. Used to tune with a tuning fork. Then later, used a Boss TU-12 for years. Now the Snark comes along and the Boss tuner (reliable and true) sits in the bag with other accessories I use, but it has no need to come out. The Snake took it's place.No need to unplug from the amp, and then plug the tuner in. Fast and easy. The readout is easy to see in any light. Working off the vibration of the string via the guitar makes this an accurate tuner, as some pickups will have too great a signal for a standard tuner and give a false reading. Not with the Snark. Small. Handy. The list goes on, but I think you get the point. It works well. Very long battery life. Easy to see. Oh, and did I mention ACCURATE??? Yeah, I think I did.
I use this for my acoustic primarily, but sometimes for my electric guitar.  It is accurate and easy to use.
I have always hated tuners; I would rather use tuning fork on the A string and go from there. Most tuners are too cumbersome and require large batteries or external power(pedals). In addition I couldn't use those on my acoustics. Snark solves all of these problems. The display is colorful and easy to read and hides neatly behind the headstock. There is also a visual tap metronome that shows a beating heart in sync with the tempo. I can easily move it from electric to acoutic, and Amazon's pricing is so low I am considering getting one for each of my guitars. This is one of the few 5 star ratings I've given any product on Amazon and I rate a lot.
I ordered this from the Amazon warehouse as a refurbished item. It was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together. The glue didn't  hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel. This was unfixable so I sent it back for a refund. Warehouse deals are not such good deals.
Great little tuner.  works on everything I own which is 3 acoustics and 1 gretsch hollow body.  Great sensitivity and I love the Metronome built in it as well.
this is the 2nd tuner like this that I have purchased.  it really is dependable and works great for basic tuning of my guitar.  the battery lasts a long time as well, which is not true with all little tuners like this one.  all in all I am very happy with this purchase.  small price to pay to be in tune.  I would highly recommend it if what you are looking for is a dependable, inexpensive way to accurately tune your instrument.
Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have three of them so I can keep one in each guitar case.
Really love this product; works well, helps me stay in tune quickly, is helping me to train my ear to "hear" when I'm in tune.
I initially had a black colored one, because I thought that would be more &#34;cool.&#34;  But I lost it.  So now I get brighter colored ones.  Gripe: a rubber thingy on the bottom of the clip came off while performing, and I have not been able to find it.  It still works, but that's a design flaw.  Also, don't leave it attached to any fine guitar, because it, like capos, can permanently damage the finish of  a really fine guitar.  but it works well, and the batteries seem to last.
Just what I needed!  The display is easy to read and easier to use.  My old monochrome digical tuner had a needle that would jump around making tuning difficult.  The many colors of the Snark makes tuning quick and easy.  A definate must for any guitar player.
I thought this was the coolest guitar gadget. I use it often but find it is not very accurate. I use my iPhone app Guitar Toolkit tuner and that works much better. If you tune with the snark, then Guitar Toolkit, you can see the difference.
Very good tuner and I love that it attached to the instrument and you can leave it there. I wholeheartedly endorse the product.
I am absolutely delighted with this tunner.  One comment, my son has one also, the neck of his broke so he warned me.  I am always very careful when turning the &#34;head&#34;.  I can see where you might break the neck if you are unaware that it could happen.  As far as tuning goes I am very pleased.  I moved from a guitar to a harp so I am tuning many more strings and this is very helpful! Plus: my vision is not the best and this one I can really see!
There are a TON of reviews here, and I don't have a lot to add. You can read about what this tuner does and does not do in the specs section or from other reviewers who tend to review specs instead of how they like or dislike something. Bottom line, this is my favorite headstock tuner. I also own the new NS mini and it has its own qualities that I like as well (like being small), but it doesn't fit on my Godin's headstock. This tuner, the SNARK, fits on my Godin's small headstock with no problems. On a dark stage this works great. I love this little tuner. five stars.
i love this tuner so much! the only reason that i had to buy it a second time was because i lost my first one unfortunately at a music camp a few years back. it works so well though, and i knew i'd have to buy a second one since i'd never see the first one again.
Great value. Works well, tunes tight and is CHEAP. When the battery is run down, the screen darkens but it still works. What more is there to say.
These tuners are so convienient and I have yet to see a musician I show these to who who doesn't appreciate it's simplicity.
What can I say-I love this thing.  I bought three more after trying the first one.  I put one in each of my guitar bags-can't live without it.  The tuning is excellent and so easy.  If you are hesitating buy it and you will love it.
First time I tried to use it, it broke in my hand.  It is now taped together, while I wait for a different kind to replace it.
Works amazingly so far. I am definitely proud of this product. Will be buying more in the future. Great Buy!!!
I love these clip on ,vibration reading tuners, This was the second one I tried , The first was a Barcus Berry, which worked equally well, They both have lots of features, such as tap tempo, up and down tuning adjustments. With the Barcus Berry, it was the first one, after trying the Snark, which is a cool name and a lot more colorful, I tuned up a brand new guitar in a store , out of the box in less than 2 minutes, never came close to doing that before. That convinced me, the Quicktunes I had been using were accurate, but these seemed to be better, and get you perfect, I have heard that they work better on acoustic instruments, which makes sense, they put out a lot more vibrations than a solid body electric.From the literature it, seems that the snark could have been made by the quicktune company and the company that makes the cool cats pedals, that have been raved about.Hello, Raving bout this. I seen on Amazon they are cheaper, I bought a blue guitar only one at my local store for 19.99, here they are around 10 to 12 bucks. These type of tuners, especially the intellitouch are popular wih Bluegrass folk like me, The grapics on this are great , no more shaky needle, just a dead on still reading when you are perfect.
We attach this cute little tuner to the head / top of our guitar neck and tune our guitars... GREAT tuner. It goes with us when we travel with our guitars. We've played with other musicians who have used our tuner, and they have all commented, &#34;What a great little tuner.&#34;
The tuner workss as advertised. When I attached my guitar to a Boss Chromatic and clipped on the Snark, it was spot on. For $10 - which is also half the price at your local guitar shops. The product works as advertised and Amazon has the best deal.
simple, easy to use tuner, awesome price, works on guitars and basses, i am very happy with this product, very portable too
1,540 people like it,who am i to disagree...it works well but i wish i had discovered the gibson app on my iphone before i bought...but for the price it does work a lot better...never clip it to any body parts only on you guitar (don't ask) only kidding!!!
Excellent price. Excellent tuner- with one flaw. Using it couldn't be simpler, and it has excellent contrast. I would say it was the best clip-on tuner I've had a chance to use, except that it broke the first time I carried it in my gig bag to a rehearsal. One of the little fingers that holds the "ball" in the "socket" on the back of the tuner broke off, so the tuner and the clip are now separate pieces. This model works only by vibration unlike the red one, so without the clip, it is not very useful (it is possible to hold it against the head stock and still use it, but it isn't very convenient). I would just super-glue it together at a good angle, but I have to put it in different positions on different instruments. I've seen a number of complaints elsewhere about this same problem, so I would call it a design weakness.Despite the negatives, I would buy another if they beefed up the construction or sold it with a hard protective case.Update 4/4/13: Added back a star. I'm still managing to use it after hobbling together a fix involving a rubber sink washer. Even with a slightly compromised mount, it continues to provide excellent results. I recently purchased a replacement, the SN-8(B), but found it really disappointing. So much so I may send it back. I also tried a Planet Waves Mini Headstock Tuner, which no matter how much I try, I simply cannot love. So I just ordered another one of these. Despite the ball socket issue, it is still one of the best tuners I've ever used. For the money, I can afford to keep a couple on hand.
The snark makes tuning your guitar easier and faster than anything I've ever seen.  It does wonders for tuning your guitar and cuts down on the time to tune your guitar. The music stores can't seem to keep these in stock because they are so popular. The price in the stores is $20.00 and at Amazon, you can get it for half the price. I saw no difficulties with using the tuner and it was up and running on the guitar and is easy to use.
These tuners are amazing! I like them so much I bought another one. They work better than tuners costing ten times as much!You don't have to be a rocket scientist to use it. It's so simple a child can use it. The face of the tuner is lighted and easy to read even in the dark. It is extremely accurate. This is so much better than my Intellitouch tuner and cost less than half of what I paid for the Intellitouch. It's very affordable and is something no guitarist should be without. It uses one CR2032 3 volt battery and comes with the battery included. You have to install the battery which is no big deal. Just read the instructions. I recommend it highly and give it two thumbs up and a couple of toes too!
I had never owned an electronic tuner before, but have used the large models and the iPhone apps.  This is a great product.  It is easy to use.  Adjustable to virtually any stringed instrument.  I haven't banged it around, but have had no problems with durability.  Bright, easy to read display.  I would highly recommend this for beginners to pros alike.
I bought one of Snark's "Super Tight" tuners and found it to be less then advertised. It will get you in tune, but this tuner does so much better of a job for a lot less. I am going to buy another so I have one in the studio, and one on my stage rig. Buy it. It's a great little tuner!
All the parts I buy an Amazon  have  been checks out before I buy them and they  have been compared with other companies, and I found these parts are the best price and quality compared to other outlets I repair and rebuild guitars as a hobby and I am satisfied with these parts johnJ.
Very nice!!  Super vivid, easy to see color.  The clamp portion seems to be sturdy and well built.  This is a great buy for the money!
duriong my lessons, my instructor talked about several models of tuners that a guitarist can get. Some are old time one still with a kick, and the one he recommended was the Snark. Nor the shark, and that is what I thought he said when I first heard it. There were several kinds of tuners and I was looking for a good quality, made of sturdy materials, and was in a good price range. The snark I chose has been working just great for me.
This tuner can be adjusted to be very easy to see when you tune your instrument.It senses the vibrations of the string through the neck and head, so the sounds of other instruments do not effect the tuning.Very light, so I leave it on when I play...and it turns itself off when I forget, so it doesn't unnecessarily drain the batteries.Inexpensive so can afford three, one for a banjo, one for a bass and one for a guitar to keep in each instrument's case.
wonderful price and great product. Buy it! Love mine and have recommended to every musician I know. Works great and love the colorful display.
This is really quite a fantastic little gizmo.  It functions flawlessly and makes tuning my guitar quick, simple, and fun.  It is easy to read from any angle (it adjusts every which way).  You just clamp it onto your guitar and it picks up the vibrations, showing you when you are sharp, flat, or dead on.  Quite amazing, especially for the price.  Highly recommend (and I'm stingy with my 5 star reviews)
I noticed an immediate improvement in my playing as this tuner, above all others I have tried (Korg, Intellitune, etc.) brings your instrument into dead-on 'ringing' true tune across the instrument. I use this on my Fender Stratocaster, Gibson Les Paul Custom, Fender Telecaster, Fender StratAcoustic, and Takaminie Classical. Works equally well, meaning phenomenally well, on all of my guitars. With all of the features, capo tune, visual metronome, acoustic as well as vibration tuning, plus calibration... This is one tuner you won't want to be without, and, the only one you need.
I really like this little tuner is is maintenance free, small light and easy to use.  Highly recommended for the price.
I have used these type of clip on Tuners for quite some time and have 4 different brands.The SNARK however is absolutely THE BEST clip on tuner I've seen on the entire market and the price isperfect. They've come out with the SN-8 I hear, which I'll buy soon..Great Product..Don't leave home without it.
I bought this one after using the SN-2 for 5 months.The tuner works like a Champ!I can't really tell the difference between the SN1 and the SN2. They both work really well with my Taylor guitar, and my Fender Strat.
After reviewing people reviewer, I had no dout, It great and it sure was.  Snark has a GOOD TUNER for low price.  Thank to Amazon and Snark, I think anyone needs a tunersnark is the best for your money.
There's really nothing I can add to what's already been said about this tuner.  I teach classical guitar and one of my students came in with this tuner.  I took a look at it and knew I had to have one too.  This tuner will tune chromatically, so you don't need to buy a special tuner for that.  I can use it on my guitar as well as my guitarlele which is tuned a 4th higher than the guitar.  I chose it over my other chromatic tuner the night my daughter was to play guitar in her school's talent show.  I needed to be able to tune her guitar accurately and quickly despite all the noise in the large room.  It performed fantastically!  (And so did she!!!)It's soft and rubbery feeling and won't scratch your guitar.  The reading are easy to read: red light you're flat, green - you're on pitch and yellow - you've gone sharp. It reads almost instantly.  My other chromatic clip-on tuner had some trouble with the D and low E strings but this tuner seems to give me a pitch quickly.I like this tuner a lot and highly recommend it.
This tuner gave me problems at first because I did not know how to use it. You have to attach it to the guitar in order for it to work, which is pretty cool. You don't have to hold it or put it on your leg. Also, this is very accurate and gives only a slight range to be in tune. It is a  great product.
This tuner works really well, i bought one a few months ago and it's super precise. I had it for a few months before I put it in my pocket and bumped into a wall and the socket snapped. It still worked really well but i needed a lot of duct tape to hold it together. 4 of my friends have had this same problem more than once, but we were all not too careful with it, if you don't bang it around it's great, i bought a new one
Very, very good tune result. It really put yout guitar in tune. But the arm is so fragile. It has broken 2 monthes after the purchase, so i had to repair it manually with glue. I recommend.
I'm a semi-pro player, and this tuner is all I need.  A great buy, worth the money.  The simplicity of the design and the beautiful full color screen are my favorite features of the Snark Sn-1.
I have tried several different kinds of guitar tuners and of the ones I have tried the Snark is the best. It is more precise easier to operate and just simply looks prettier. I highly recommend this tuner.
Solid tuner, more accurate than I anticipated and very easy to use. It will get you extremely close and for the size and functionality it seems to be the best product of it's kind that I've used.
the snark tuner is theBEST one I have owned  extremely accurate  easy to use  very reasonably priced for such a good piecehave paid lots more for products that were harder and not as accurate
Excellent little device for the money.  Easy to use.  I have paid double for tuners that have not worked as well.  This will get you in tune for $11 or less - can't beat it.
I like the way the Snark attaches to all of my guitars and a mandolin. It reacts quickly and is not over-sensitive. The way the mounting and dial articulate make it easy to set up while not interfering with the tuning knobs. Easy to read and for the very low price a great value. However, and this may be my own fault, I often need to snap my finger against the dial to get it to start reading. I say my own fault because I put the battery in wrong the first time and had to pull it out with needlenose pliers. That may have damaged a contact. I play with a number of other people that have Snarks and they all work properly. I would buy another one without hesitation.
Since this my first Snark SN-1 Tuner I am very pleased with performance it gives me accurate read outs against built in tuners on the guitars (Acoustic) that is. Like all all functions it has looking forward to maybe upgrading to the next model or so just have a few around for each instrument.
This is a great little tuner.  Used it for more than a year with no issues.  Fantastic for positioning it anywhere on the guitar.  It also has an excellent display for showing you how sharp or flat you are.  The only reason I didn't make this a five star rating is that I discovered the Planet Waves PW-CT-12 NS Mini Headstock Tuner.  If it was a choice between the 2, the Planet Waves wins, hands down.  But this is excellent for what it is:  an easy-to-clip-on tuner that can be used on any instrument.  I've even set it down on my elementary classroom autoharp and it tuned it to perfection.
One of biggest hurdles for any instrument player is keeping your instrument in tune.  With this little gadget there is no guess work.  Clamp it onto the headstock of your guitar and pluck each string and bring each one into tune. I love this little gadget and the price is super on Amazon!
This is the best clip on tuner out there.  It's dead accurate, doesn't bounce around like dial needle tuners, and it's EASY TO READ!  You just clip it to your headstock, either acoustic or electric, turn it on, position the face toward you and start tuning very quickly.  Highly recommended for all string players, especially electric or acoustic guitar or Dobro.  There are other tuners by Snark that are more sensitive to lower ranges and higher ranges, so check out what suits your needs.
...but what you ask? This tuner gets the job done but the part that connects the clip to the tuner is very weak and can break off easily. Mine broke and so did my friend's. It's probably cheaper to just buy a new one than to get a replacement clip.
Not quite as good as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done and the price is right.
At first I was skeptical of this nifty little tuner, but since I've been using it for the past few weeks, I've yet to have one complaint. It sits right atop, clipped to the guitar, operates on vibrations, so doesn't pic up other guitars, is light, barely even notice it, and seems quite accurate.
I received this yesterday and it is the best tuner for my acoustic guitar.  This is the second one I have and it works well.  I have a built in tuner, but the Snark is so easy to use and inexpensive, it is a great deal.  I would recommend this to any acoustic guitar player.
I have no complaints except when I try to tune my guitar a half step down, there are buttons for that on the back of the tuner but I have zero clue how to use them. This tuner is perfect it sits nicely on the head, swiveling head, visible from wherever you are.
This tuner is great, and it being so low price makes it even more better, standard shipping took 2 days to reach me in Mass. I was pleased for that. The tuner comes with a 2032 (circle) battery, and its as simple as pushing the power button and strumming the guitar strings. I'd definitely recommend this product to a friend. I'd buy it again. Its a nice little tuner, and my guitar is sounding great. This is a very well made product.
I bought one of these at a music store like 2 years ago for 30 bucks. I was Impressed and used i to tune my guitar, bass and mandolin. Later I saw them for 8$ here on amazon and I bought 1 for myself 1 for a sister and another for my brother in law. These are a great deal. I can tune my electric bass without a pedal while the stage is really loud! It just uses vibration of the instrument.
These tuners (including the red version) are the best. I have many tuners, from expensive Peterson and Boss, Korg, Seiko, Quiktune, and many other brands, from standard tuners to a few different brands of clip ons. The Snark is the easiest and most stable to use. Even my young guitar students, who have had trouble learning to tune using other tuners that I love, have no problem tuning with this tuner.
I am but a mere novice when it comes to playing the guitar, but I purchased this SN-1 to replace the piece of junk first tuner I had. I'm very happy with the size of the SN-1. It's small, much smaller than I expected which was a big bonus. It takes up very little room on the headstock, and does not interfere when I make tuning adjustments. The &#34;chip-clip&#34; style clamp does a surprisingly good job of staying in place on my Ibanez acoustic and I *think* my guitar sounds better than it did while using my previous tuner.The user interface is very simple, and the display is easy to read and understand in both higher and lower lighting conditions. The instruction manual is adequate, but the SN-1 seemed very intuitive for me to use. The product arrived on time, as shown, well packaged, for what I believe to be a fair price at about eight dollars and change. I've had this SN-1 for a couple months now, and will update this review down the road. Thanks for reading, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will do the best I can to answer.SPO
I've bought quite a few tuners over the years. These are small, responsive, easy to read, and the fact that they work on vibration means they can be used in a loud setting without interference. These are great!!At first I was turned off by the 'toyish' appearance, but decided to try it after reading the reviews. Let me say that in person they look nicer than in the pics, and they perform way better than I expected.
I had a little dificulty learning how to tune it at the beginning but after i played with it enough i figured it out and its so easy to use and my friends love it they say s*** im gonna by me one lol
I was surprised by the size...very small and unobtrusive. My older guitar has a decal on the top of the head which made the small size a bit of an issue, but with the cleverly designed swivel pad and wide opening on the clip of the Snark, I could still easily manage it.The tuning is dead-on, and couldn't be more convenient. Since it's based on vibration, the performance is completely unaffected by outside noise. Also, you don't have to try and balance anything on your knee or use a table to hold your standard audio tuner. Just clip it on and swivel the head to face you.I really like the design. Attractive but not overly loud in color, and a nice non-slip surface. The display is bright and the interface is very intuitive...you just press the button and start plucking strings.In addition, Snark's customer service was very friendly and helpful.Putting my two cents aside(that anyone who plays the guitar should learn to tune by sound, without a tuner, given one of the notes), I highly recommend the Snark tuner.
Purchased this Snark tuner after reading a few positive reviews and decided to give it a try. For the money I figured why not.GREAT little tuner. Dead on accuracy and perfect for tuning in rooms where you may have noise interference using regular tuners. This clips to the headstock and  is very easy to use.The face pivots around and the display is nice and bright. I will pick up a few more and toss em in my guitar cases!
I have seen people complain about battery life. I turn it on, tune, and then turn it off and my batteries last forever. The display is good, and the tuners work well. I have four of them and have compared them for accuracy and sensitivity. I think it is a well made product and good value. Thank god for tuners. There is nothing worse than a bunch of out-of-tune, loud guitar players.
The Snark SN-1 is sometimes dissed because of it being slightly inaccurate. I beg to differ. This is the most accurate headstock tuner that I have ever used, and it also has a built in metronome, which I never use, but could come in handy. Another thing is the price point, which is simply amazing. The blue color is a bit annoying however, and I'd like it if they came out with a black SN-1. The visibility of the screen is amazing, and I can see it even with the sun reflecting off of it, or in a completely dark room.
I've got a bunch of these little tuners- I keep one with each instrument. They are a little tough on batteries, but they are accurate, even picking up notes below E on my double bass C extension.Highly recommend!
Tuning a guitar is difficult for a novice.  This device just clips to the guitar and tuning is easy.  Why you would almost think I know what I am doing.
This was a great purchase.  My son found exactly what he needed and at a price he could afford.  He would definitely purchase from here again.
Tuner works well with acoustic but not so great when your electric is not plugged in. Seem like it needs more resonant vibration to register the sound. Sometimes you just need to whack the tuner a bit, and it's okay. I also have the NS Micro, and that's a better tuner.
I bought this because I got tired of looking up by-ear tuners online. It's so darn simple to use. Just clip it on, tap the big button, and play a note. The chromatic tuner is extremely easy to read and incredibly simple, and it automatically recognizes which notes are being played and adjusts to the note as you tune up and down. It was also very cheap compared to the other box tuners. Overall this is an amazing product and I don't see a reason why I would ever want another tuner again. I've had this tuner for about a month now and it hasn't failed me yet, though sometimes it can be a little stubborn and slow with determining when a note is being played and it does have a habit of being right on the mark one time, then if you pluck the string again, it will show it's off tune by a quarter-step or so. Just make sure you tune all the strings twice, and you won't regret buying this tuner.
works right out of the box.  Easy to read, easy to use......arrived very fast inexcellent shape....just had to put the supplied battery into it
i got this as a gift for the my guitar mentor and lead guitar player in my band.  i have a tuner built in to my amp i use but he has always tuned by ear which is hard to do on stage or even at rehearsal.  the display is bright and easy to see and he loves it.
A great little tuner. Very accurate, easy to use and the batteries last the better part of a year. I bought 3 or 4 of these and I put in my gig bags or cases. At these prices you can afford to clip the on to all your instruments.
These Snark tuners are ruggedly designed and really do the trick. I use the mic instead of the vibration setting though. That's my preference. But I would use no other tuner on stage. I have one on each of my guitars including my acoustic guitars. I have dozens of guitars!
Very useful for acoustic guitars, electric and bass. If you don't have a pedal board with a tuner, this is invaluable to quickly tune up. Small form factor and can be thrown into a guitar case. Good accuracy compared to my Korg pitchblack
Like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off. I tried to glue it back on, but it just fell apart even worse when I tried to do that. If you buy this, you really need to baby it! My advice is look for a more sturdy model!
Okay.. I used to tune my guitar online.... However, adding a $10 for this item is worth it... It is so accurate and works great so far... I saw that some people complaint that the tuner comes without a battery, but mine come with one... Probably it is because I bought it from amazon &lt; not from some sort of seller in amazon> ... Moreover, there's also a warranty for this item... For those who want to start playing a guitar like me, I strongly recommend to get this tuner!!... You won't regret!!..Owyea..
Awesome little tuner, very accurate and I can store it almost anywhere. much cheaper online too, for the price its a steal.
this tuner is awsome,it tunes very acurately and i would recommend it to any guitarist or who ever needs a tunner.
I wasn't expecting much as the price was very reasonable for a good tuner. I have to say it is one good (funny looking)clip on tuner. Many useful functions. I especially like the fact you can check intonation without changing anything. Like the capo and metronome feature. I just really like this little guy. Good job Snark.
I haven't had to change the battery on this bad boy in over two years since I've had it!  It also is bright and is very accurate.  If looking for an inexpensive tuner look no further!
I use this tuner to tune up my violin.  Other tuners I've tried using the vibration setting had difficulty feeling the &#34;E&#34; string vibrations thus making it hard to tune.  This tuner does an excellent job feeling and showing all 4 strings.
Works great, seems durable, shipped fast.  Can't think of a single negative thing about this product.  If you need a tuner, this ones a good one.
The tuner operation works pretty well and is consistent on these snarks. It may be my imagination, but I think the recent ones work a little differently than previous generations. They seem to register differently than older ones and sometimes give you a tuning that is just a wee bit sharp.I have used them to tune many different kinds of string instruments, from autoharps to mandolins to guitars. It works with all of them.Tuning by vibration is very useful in a loud room, but it is not always perfect. If another band is playing loudly, the sound vibrations from the speakers will affect your ability to tune. So you have to wait until the band is between songs to get an accurate reading.To my taste, the display on these SN-2's is the best of all the Snarks. I like the extra bars and the smoothness of the way the display zeroes in to the perfect pitch. It looks nice and responds well to your tuning peg changes.Finally, do not drop these. The head is purposely flexible and can rotate very easily. It has a ball joint construction. That is good, and seems to hold up to use. The plastic socket, however, on the back of the tuning head does not respond well to hitting the floor, even a carpeted floor. I do not treat my tuners rough, but it is easy to drop them. When you do, 6 out of 10 times, the plastic socket will break. I have 3 tuners whose heads are separate from the base. They still tune, but I have to hold them against the guitar. They do not clip on any more, so it is inconvenient.
I thought this tuner was going to be an oversized cheap piece of junk. Because well these days you usually get even a little less than what you pay for. But this tuner destroyed those expectations. Its a small, "smart" tuner. So many functions and just a great design. Its really cool that I dont have to go hunt down a tuner that could be lost in my room somewhere. This attached to basically any guitar, or almost any object for that matter. The only thing negative I have to say is, im not so sure you can plug a cable into it. Which you would expect with ALL the other stuff it comes with. Otherwise, its pretty great.
This is a very inexpensive and very accurate tuner.  The Vibration Mode is really good. I am a new guitar player, and this item has helped me greatly in quickly tuning my guitar.
This has got to be the best little tuner I've ever owned, and the cheapest too.  I have a $100 tuner that works nicely, but this one will handle any instrument you clip it to.  The SN-2 has the vibration pickup abitity that the SN-1 doesn't.  So I use it on all my instruments except my sitar as there's no place to clip it.  I highly recommend it.
This is a great and inexpensive tuner that is easy to use. It's easy to setup out of the box and can tune via vibration or microphone. It's easy to figure out if the strings are in pitch or not. The only downside is that it feels a bit flimsy sometimes.
I've owned four of these over the past two years and after 6 months of light use (4-5 times per week) the first two malfunctioned. What I mean is the screen became so faint you could hardly see it and putting in a new battery didn't help.  My current one I bought in July and so far everything is holding up. Knock on wood!  They are cheap .....so I guess you could look at them as a disposable tuner but you'd better have a back up cuz they break when you least expect it.
Easy to see, Easy to use, Easy to get used to.  The display is bright and very intuitive to the way we visualize sound, that is what makes it so useful.  You can't beat the price for such a great little tuner.  Amazon as usual makes ordering, paying and receiving a simple a and pleasant experience.  I will be buying one for every guitar case I own.
I bought this for my mandolin and was pleasantly surprised how awesome it a find this was. Easy to use and handy for ANY string instruments.Only thing i regret is not getting one sooner.
I'm so glad I was introduced to this via my guitar coach years ago. It's cheap, yet works better than most tuners that require a plug in that end up costing around slightly more. It's been awhile since I've had it, and still have no complaints or issues with it. I wholeheartedly recommend this!
this tuner is great best buy works so well I highly recommend this Tuner can't buy a better tuner for less money
I'll just say, newbie to ukulele, no idea how to tune it, instructions online say GCEA, I put this on the head, plucked each string, tuned the machine head until it said dead on, and that was it.  I keep this clipped to my ukulele standInstrument Stand for Violin, Ukulele and Other Small Instruments(see my reviews of it, it's so so, the stand), and just turn it on and tune the uke before I take it off the stand.  ONly time will tell how these little nickel watch battery style battery lasts, I find them a bear to buy, but time will tell.  Anyhow, I concur with the reviews on here, glad I listened to them, and for any brand new ukulele players out there, this is the one to get.  C ya
If you play a string instrument, this one is a must.  I have several and a Snark for each one.  Unfortunately, in the span of about two years, they've gone from about $6 (in bulk) to about double that.  It's a good product, but shop around wisely for the best price, and hint:  read the fine print, if they include a battery, you'll pay lots more.  I even found the batteries online about half the price than in a drug store. Five stars for performance, take away one for greed. And another comment in 2013.  I decided to buy 4 more, but went to another source which only charged ONE shipping price, not 4.
I was shocked when I got this tuner and witnessed how accurate it was. For the sake of letting you know its compatibility, I have used this to effectively tune an acoustic guitar, an electric guitar, a mandolin, and a 4-string bass. That's a huge range for any tuner! I've had older versions of clip-on tuners and this one just works faster and better. Recommended for any application in which you may need a variety of ranges. The ones made for guitar have limited range, but are cheaper, but I would imagine they're just as accurate.I'm not a huge fan of the red color, it is really bulky and noticeable on all the instruments I've had, but I'm happy with the trade-off. I just wish there was a smaller, more discrete option or something in black or a more muted color.
I've used electronic tuners for a long time.  Most of them that I've owned you have to plug into your instrument.  That means they don't tune with a microphone but only with an electronic signal directly from the instrument.  I bought a Korg GA-30 that was about the size of a credit card with a built in microphone to tune acoustic instruments about 8 or 10 years ago.  I used that Korg until getting the Snark.  The Korg was durable and fairly accurate but the LCD display wasn't lit making it tough to read in low light and the needle seemed to jump around sometimes for no good reason.  Still for the money the Korg was a good deal on a tuner with a microphone in it's day.Enter the Snark SN-2.  This Snark will tune about anything.  It will tune either by vibration clipped onto the headstock of a stringed instrument or don't clip it to the instrument and use the built in microphone.  Clip it to a music stand, clip it to anything and it still works when you use the built in microphone for a guitar, upright bass, violin, saxophone, trumpet or even a tympani.  Use the vibration setting for tuning an acoustic or electric guitar or ukulele or mandolin or banjo without interference from other sound sources.  It tunes about anything no matter the notes or key you want to tune your instrument to.  It senses the entire scale.The Snark SN-2 has a well lit, clean and bright display that is easy to read in bright light or total darkness.  The display pivots to any angle.  It is very light so it adds very little weight to the headstock.  The battery seems to last a fairly long time, longer than the 9-Volt battery in my tuner pedal that burns through pricey 9 volt Duracells at the rate of about 1 per month.Long term durability seems to be a question to me due the small pivot on all the Snark clip-on tuners.  I've only been using mine for about 2 months now and while the pivot part seems sort of fragile I've had no issues at all yet and it still works good.  I don't think you should drop it very often.  So far I've dropped mine once with no damage.  Even if it did break, 10 Snarks are cheaper than the rack tuner I have and the Snark is just as accurate.While long term durability is undecided I can't complain at all about the versatility, accuracy, high visibility display or the low cost.  I really like mine and use it everyday on an electric bass or a ukulele or a guitar.  It really gets around and tunes them all.  The color is sort of a metallic red, almost Candy Apple Red.  I ordered spare batteries but haven't needed to change one yet.I'd buy it again and suggest one as a gift for any musician that doesn't have one.  I'm sure they'll use it often.  This tuner is a real good buy at a good price.  Spare CR2032 Lithium batteries are less expensive on Amazon, so I suggest ordering several with your tuner so you'll be prepared.I've never used the metronome feature other than to check it out.  It flashed a locked tempo but I really don't need that feature.
I purchased this to use with my old Yamaha acoustic guitar and my ukelele.  It works great on both, very accurate and easy to use.  The swiveling head works very nicely and makes it easy to see at any angle.  It appears sturdy, and the clamp appears soft enough not to scratch your instrument. I haven't used other tuners of this type, but this one works great and seems like a great value for the price.
I like this tuner as much as my SN8. It's accurate, fast reading, and has the added feature of  acoustic mode if you need it,
I bought it to tune my guitars and my banjo, it works good on all of them and is very accurate. I also used it to tune my uncle's mandolin for him because he couldn't find his tuner. Other than that theres not much else to say :P, I haven't used the metronome so I can't comment on that.
So easy to use.  Just clip it on and ta-da!  The screen is very easy to see and tuning my banjo is a breeze with it.  Unfortunately, my dog thought it was a delicious toy and mauled it beyond recognition so I need to buy another one.  If your dog loves toys, keep this out of reach.
I had used one of these at a guitar shop once while shopping for a new acoustic/electric. I was so used to the big klunky ones that you balance on your leg while trying to tune, I had no idea these even existed. After using it to tune 10 different prospects in a row, I decided to buy one on the spot (the tuner that is, it took another hour to decide on a guitar).It is very easy to use, the tuning via vibration is spectacular in a noisy environment. I like leaving it on the guitar while practicing to just make minor adjustments if there's a drop-D song, or just tweak something that goes out of tune.Does exactly what it is supposed to do, and it stays out of the way.
Works fine. It is of course difficult to tune when other's are playing around you. I found the mic tuner isn't as accurate. Also the rubber pad on the clamp falls off easily. It is better than most other clip on tuners though and the battery lasts longer too.
I was using my iPhone and line 6 input but having to plug in can be a drag when you're no where near your gear. But hands down this is the most accurate, easy to use, and most portable tuner ever. I use it for all mu guitars, bass, mandolin, banjo, etc. I bought two more, you will love this tuner.
This is a great tuner, I just wish that the clamp was a little bit wider since I mostly have classical guitars and the width of the headstocks can be a little thicker than steel string acoustics or electric guitars.  Other than that, works great I like using it.
Very nice clip on tuner for the price.I actually got this as a gift for a friend and they seem to really like it.
This tuner is amazing, even more so considering the price. It's chromatic, so it will tune anything! I tune electric and acoustic guitars, bass, ukulele and mandolin with it! I've bought three for gifts... It's great.Sooooo, everything I said initially is still true... It's a fantastic little tuner... BUT I've broken two of them. (Where the clip attaches to the tuner - as in a multitude of other reviews...)This tuner *is* amazing... But fragile!
I wanted the version of this device with the built-in microphone to be able to check my singing accuracy as well as to tune my guitar. Maybe I should just change the guitar pitch to my off-pitch singing and I could finally achieve perfect harmony! I like everything about it especially (I think) it's ability to turn itself off after use if you forget to do so and save the battery life. A well designed device.
It does what a guitar tuner should do.It simply clips onto the headstock of the guitar and easily shows you where your string is in reference to standard tuning.I do have an equally good tuner by monoprice that's about half price. Better deal if you don't just buy one and have to pay single shipping.
Easy to use, portable, cheap.  Not exact in tuning, might want a more expensive one if you are a professional musican.  For most of us this is more than adequate.
I wrote a review for the SN-1 which is essentailly the same tuner except this one also has a mic.  Here is my other review:I own a few tuners, including a Boss Tu-70.  Recently I purchased and reviewed the new GoGo TT-1 clip on tuner. I never thought a clip on could be as accurate and dependable as my Boss.  The GoGo is awesome and instantly became the only tuner I use.  But now I have to say, I think the Snark is a little better. I bought the SN-1 and the SN-2 because they are so inexpensive and so amazingly accurate.  The other great thing is they are chormatic, so besides being a great tuner, you can leave it clipped on to the headstock to practice accurate string bending or just learning the notes on the fretboard. The display is very easy to read...better than the GoGo (although GoGo has a new improved display since I bought mine).  I love the colors and the matte finish too.  The rubbery matte finish makes gripping the clip much easier than the smooth plastic of other tuners. The rubber surface also makes opening the battery compartment a snap too, I had to fight like heck to get the battery door open on my GoGo.  The Snark is less than half the price of my GoGo and out performs it...it's a no brainer.
It works really well for tunings other than standard EADGBE.  I am still trying to get it tuning in standard, but so far it's pretty accurate.  I know it can do standard tuning, i just can't figure it out.
Great little tuner.  Easy to work with and also easy to find.  The price is also right and I recommend.
BOUGHT THIS SN-2 SNARK TUNER AFTER I BOUGHT A UKULELE SNARK FOR MY LITTLE NIECE  I WAS SO PLEASED AT THE EASE OF ITS USE.  I MAINLY WANTED THIS FOR MY BANJO BUT I ALSO NOW USE IT ON MY BARITONE UKULELE, A GUITAR AND IF I EVER GET INTO THE SPIRIT I MIGHT JUST TRY IT ON THE OLD MANDOLIN THAT MY GREAT AUNT LEFT ME. . THE SNARK IS SMALL, VERY LIGHT WEIGHT, AND SUPER EASY TO USE.  IT'S A VERY WORTHWHILE PURCHASE.
We've been only using it for two days, and so far so good. I cannot say anything about durability for now, but I'll update this review if it breaks.====One of my kids has been borrowing my trusty old BOSS TU-12 chromatic tuner forever for her violin, and I finally bought this for her.There are many clip-on tuners, but I liked the following about this tuner:1. LCD mimicing an analog needle so you know how much you're off (as opposed to just flat or sharp).2. You can switch between vibration sensor and an internal mic. Most of the time you want to use vibration sensor anyway, but a mic sometimes comes in handy.3. Can set different pitch than A=440.4. Not expensive (was less than [...]$ including shipping).Upon delivery I tried it on my guitars (both acoustic and electric) using vibration sensor before giving it to my kid, and was impressed.It is quick to track the note even for low E. It's not picky about where on the peghead it is clipped on. No stress whatsoever, indeed it's just as quick and smooth as my BOSS. LCD is bright and clear, and needle-ish display works as expected.It worked very well on violin too. And I saw kids singing to internal mic to check the pitch of their voices just for fun.And a note about the looks. From the picture I expected it to be ugly, but actually it was not that bad. It's tiny and doesn't look like a Fisher-Price product.====First update, Nov 24 2010: I've tried it on an electric bass (4 string), and it worked equally well. Still 5 stars.====Second update, Oct 20 2011: It's still working happily for my daughter, and I bought a second unit for myself. Fantastic product.
I have 7 of these bad boy tuners and I love them. I keep them clipped to each of my guitar heads so they are always ready if I need a quick tuning to that guitar...Good quality, accurate and not expensive...Highly recommended and 5 Stars.
This chromatic clip-on tuner is the best of the best.  One cannot go without having one for the price.  I've tuned violins, guitars and ukelele's with it.  This is an electronic gadget you just cannot do without.  You can use the vibration setting to tune with a room full of people talking or playing other instruments.  If you have it on the MIC than you can tune many instruments all at once if you wish.This little instrument tuner does everything.  FOR THE COST ...YOU JUST CANNOT BE WITHOUT ONE.
These are great!  They're small.  Light weight.  Easy to read.  Accurate.  Inexpensive.  This one offers an additional feature:  Tap Tempo Metronome
I bought this Snark tuner for my daughter to use to tuner her classical guitar and her guitarlele.  I've been using a blue Snark tuner for a couple of years and have loved it.  I thought she needed a Snark of her own and it works like a charm.  I like the chromatic aspect of it because you can tune your strings to any pitch other than concert pitch.  Sometimes we like to go lower, and sometime a whole or half-step higher.It's beautiful to look at, clips on the head of the instrument with soft rubber feet, and truly does an excellent job of tuning.  I teach classical guitar and have found this tuner to be one I go to the most, and I have a lot of different tuners.  I rarely use any of my other tuners anymore, relying mostly on the Snarks that I have.  It uses a CR2032 button battery which is inexpensive and lasts a long time.  I use my Snark at least 4 times a day either tuning my instruments or my students.  What I really love about these types of tuners is that you can talk while tuning since it feels the vibrations of the string instead of listening to it.  It will tune practically anywhere  - loud rooms, etc...and tune accurately.
I have been in need of a tuner for far too long.  I was turned on to this and I was truly blown away.  The tuner is very accurate and compact.  I leave it on my guitar all the time.  The clamp is strong enough that it will stay put.
My old one lasted a long while and it still works. Just wanted another one. These tuners are just awesome!
it works well and gets the job done but the battery dies way to quickly, other than that its has a cool clip that lets it be placed anywhere
I have several guitar and ukulele chromatic tuners.  They all work fine for me.  However, the Snark SN-2 just has the edge. It's performance, look and feel are great!  The added features are also a plus.  I use the Snark for both ukulele and accoustic guitar.  It's my go to for chromatic tuner.  Highly recommend this.
Stopped working all by itself. Fresh battery didn't help.Fortunately, I've another, plus a Korg and an two Intellitouch. (I've 2 fiddles and 3 guitars)The Intellitouch is simply "champion!".
I own several of the Snark tuners, but the Snark SN-2 is my personal favorite.  It settles extremely fast, and works with a wide array of instruments and couldn't be simpler.  Just clip it to your instrument and strum or play a note and, in an instant, there it is.  The display is bright and easy to read, and the graph has a lot of resolution.  The SN-2 senses frequency through vibration, but it also has a selectable microphone pickup.  It is transposable, and it offers a metronome feature.  The SN-2 is finished with a rubbery texture and is a beautiful &#34;electric red&#34; color.
Tunes by sound or vibration thats all i use it for the vibration mode is really nice. buy one its convenient
I love this tuner. It measures vibration with the option to switch to microphone. I find it really useful when trying to figure out what chord I want to play next. I can sing the note into it and then I know which chord I want to play next!
I'm a big believer and long time user of many different types of visual tuning devices.  I play guitar, mandolin and ukelele.  And this inexpensive tuner is the best one I've ever used by a long way.  I've paid a lot more for a lot less.  It has an option to use either an internal vibration sensor via the clip or a built in microphone.  The dial is easily readable and adjustable to a wide range of viewing angles.  And it has the fastest and best response of any tuner I've ever used.  It doesn't require a loud volume to "hear" the tone.  Finally, it doesn't seem to wander around trying to attune itself to the note you just played, but it does instantly sense very fine differences in that tone.  If I detune by about 1/16th of a turn on my tuning machine (an difference I can't hear with my own ear), this device detects it immediately.  All in all, this thing is a whole step up in accuracy in tuning.
OK, it's a tuner.  But.....it is dead balls-on accurate, quick tuning and easy to read even in daylight.  Great for gigs in that you can tune and re-tune during performances with fast, fast accuracy.  I own 5 or 6 of them, one for each guitar, and I highly recommend them over ANYTHING else.
Handy, well made, small, easy to see.  Great for guitar, fiddle, mandolin, dobro, and other instruments that it can clamp to.
This tuner is cool. It picks up even the lightest vibrations, i/e: I can hit the high e on my acoustic and it will register the tone until it pretty much dies out. I also like the capo tuning feature. You put a capo on the 3rd and tell the tuner to flatten 3x. I highly recommend this tuner.
I tune by ear and the old fashion way, but this is so much better and locks in the note so you can really tell what you are doing.  Great tuner.
love it! fast, easy to use, effective, small enough to carry around and wonderfully accurate. a must have for any musician
I bought this tuner because I am learning to play guitar and want to keep my guitar in tuneGreat little tuner that looks good and works even better It works really well, but not perfectly
Like it better than the other tuner I bought, this one was a dollar more and cant remember what the other one was but would defiantly buy this again.
This little tuner is so easy to use and see...I bought two more as presents. The price point was just unbeatable for such a stellar performing tuner. If you don't have a tuner or are looking for a new one, you NEED this one. A+++
I really like this tuner but it is kinda bulky. Very obvious. Calls a lot of attention to itself, all GIANT and red.Still, I can't fault it's tuning prowess. It's quick and pretty on the money. It replaced my Roland Boss Tu-12h.Well more handy for tuning my sweet La Patrie nylon strung &#34;Motif&#34;Would buy again,  but I'd really prefer a more subdued  color.
I had the SN1 Guitar Tuner, this one the SN2 is actually for all instruments if I'm not mistaken and it works great. Never fails. I love the red, the swivel head, the green.red lights when tuning. Just remember to take it off the headstock when youre done using it
i think this is the best tuner i love it it really works and its really easy to use it
I love these things. I have purchased several Snarks of all different types. Fast, accurate and a joy to use. My young guitar students struggled with other tuners but not this one. All Snarks clip on the headstock and use vibrations there to activate the tuner. The SN-2 also has a built in mic for use with any instrument, such as trumpet, sax, clarinet, etc. I have other, more expensive clip on tuners, but the Snark is by far my favorite.
I got this after seeing many of my church friends using them.  I got this one so I could use it to tune my guitars a ukulele and a violin.  It does all of them well.  I'm going to buy a couple more as gifts.
I can't believe what you can get for the price on this one.  Tunes all my instruments fast and easy.  The display is so easy to read and tuning is easier than ever.
I must have had over 20 tuners in the last few decades, and the Snark is by far my favorite.  I change out altered capos every few songs, so I have to tweak the tuning many times each gig, and this has made it much easier, even in noisy clubs with poor lighting.
use it on my mandobanjoacoustic guitarupright bassreg bassdon't leave home without itbut take and extra button battery
Exactly what I expected. A quality tuner for a low price. Very durable and gets the job done. Great buy!
These sell for about $20-25 in the real world.  I paid a bit over $12 and it was an Amazon Prime purchase too.  The display is better than most I've used (dating back 30 years).  The best thing is that I can pass this around to band members quickly when they have a need too.
This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner.
I purchased this item sometime in August, and think it's pretty good. I have not had any problems with it; Not that I can remember. Pretty simple, it does what it's supposed to do.
Price is Right for entry level. Using as a backup or on my mixer when using my higher quality short stand during recordings. The Mic mount was a PLUS, using it for one Karaoke "Cheap Mics" It is just pop-riveted on so a Bit LOOSE, but could improve with a little 2 part epoxy. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars! Still for the money a great buy...
This tabletop Mic Stand works. Well designed and made from descent enough materials. I would buy again when I'm ready to replace the one I have or add to it.
This is a very well built stand, even with its slim design, which also comes with a nice carrying case. Very good for light, portable set ups. Also holds a big mic, if you position the legs right; completely open with the mic parallel to a leg. That said, do it wrong and plunk. Will not likely stand up to a gusty wind, so use it indoors only. Paid $7.99 for it. Would give it 5 stars, but I know user error, will cause a less careful person, to crash some mics. Good for kick drum and cab mics, by the way, anchor it down with a sand bag, if using it for this purpose.
It was my fault not to check out it's measurements before purchase. But it's not the reason why I drop by one star. The reason is it's not designed properly.Since people stand and sing, this extendable table mic stand is still too short for people taller than 6 feet. I'm 5'11'' I can barely reach the microphone when I stand still.Also, it's way to tall if you want to sit and use it as a PC mic.As a result, I feel I'm  either too tall or too short...Build quality is fine and its price can not get beaten. Overall a four stars product IMO.
I have a Blue Snowball mic and the stand that comes with that thing is entirely too short for my needs so I set out to find a desk-stand for my microphone that I could use for podcasting and video work. Here are my pros and cons.Pros1. It's about twice as tall as the stock stand that comes with the Snowball. This may be too tall for some (with the mic put in, it stands as tall as my 17&#34; ASUS G75VW) but I have a raised desk so this fits right up to my mouth.2. The Snowball screws right in (unscrew the holder thing that comes on there, screw the snowball in, win).3. After some research, I found that this will fit pretty much any mic. Cool.4. It seems sturdy and well built.Cons1. The legs make this thing very, very wide. It's about 2/3 the size of my keyboard which means it takes up a lot of space.2. The mechanism to retract the legs is a little weird. Not bad, just weird.Overall, this is highly recommended for a desk stand. It seems to be able to fit just about any mic and it's perfect for video voice overs and podcasts.
It is so small that it cannot hold all mics. If you have a big lopsided kick drum mic  with a skinny neck and akward COG(AKG D112), this stand will not be able to hold it up. It can however hold up the Audix D6 and it can hold an SM 57 up to a guitar cab if its the right height. I love this because it has allowed me to mic things in really really tight spaces. I would never have had room to use full sized instrument mic stands in some of the tiny stages I have seen this summer. This thing takes up very little real estate, I have put this thing in the pocket of my jeans before!
I use this short stand for mic'ing my guitar amp cabinet. It is pretty small and on the edge of "light duty" but I wouldn't call it cheap or crappy. The adjustable features work well and feel like they will hold up reasonably. I don't use it for gig'ing so it isn't getting beat on but it seems to be a pretty good mic stand and the price was great. I also purchased a "musician's gear"  [ http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0018TC7BW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title ]similar mic stand which was a few dollars more, I think I prefer the musician's gear unit becuase it's a bit beefier than this one but I still like this stand and it was a great value. This unit folds up particularly compact which migh be and advantage for some. Both are perfect for home recording and practice studios, likely even hold up to some gig'ing.
I you are looking for a great desk or amp mic stand . This is it. Tripod legs are stable and also adjusts up and down to about 15 inches or so.It even comes with a case with two zippered sections. One for the stand and and one for a mic. There is also amic holder. What a find. I will probably get another.......
Works great. It's lightweight but VERY stable, even with a heavy bass drum mic.A great bargain for a very sturdy, useful product.
Worked out of the package and was cheap. Longevity yet to be seen. It is short but if that is want you need it will do the job. Great match for your bedroom amp.
I much prefer curly cable as they keep the slack up off the floor and help prevent nasty little tumbles and equipment spills due to general clumsiness. These cables are no different. They may not be the nicest looking cables ever, but for this price you can't shake a stick at it.The connectors are injection molded so theres no easy unscrew and re-solder when the time comes, but hey for a budget curly cable I am not complaining. I'll just nip the ends off if I need to replace them later. The cable seems to be of good quality; I'm guessing it's about 24 gauge wire and has a nice bounciness to it. I have not yet noticed any degradation of tone so it's probably fairly well-shielded. With the right-angled jack on one end it ensures a low profile so I don't easily kick the cable out of the pedal and will probably help it last longer with the reduced cable strain on that end. That's more than I thought I had to say about a cheap, but good, cable.
this a great cable for practicing at home. Coiled cables keep things tidy and avoide tangles. This product measures approx. 28" coiled, plug end to plug end. Thus it is pretty short, even when stretched out. For me, it is the perfect length for at-home use, especially when using two (amp --> pedal board --> guitar).not sure why it isnt available for order on Amazon anymore ... I just ordered mine two weeks ago.
GOOD POINTS: [1] This cable, unlike many other coiled cables I've tried, does NOT add noise when it's moved. I swung it about quite a bit while playing through it, and it made no noise at all. [2] It also has good plugs in that the indentation on the male plug provides a generous gap, making it easy for the female jack to connect to the male end. As a result, the cable does not slip out TOO easily; the connection between jack and plug is quite secure. BAD POINTS: [1] The package it comes in says it's a 20-foot cable. Not even close! Holding it up by one end, with the other end simply dangling (i.e., not plugged into anything), I saw that it measures 3 feet (again, that's when it's not stretched); when not stretched at all, it measures just 3 feet. Of course, this would not result in 20 feet when it's stretched. Sure enough, when I plugged it into an amp, I could COMFORTABLY stretch it to only about 6.5 feet. This might not bother you; it doesn't bother me since I didn't want the extra cable length. But if you need anything like a 20-foot cable, you're going to have to get something else. [2] Finally, a minor point: If you're using this on a guitar with a Strat-style jack, this cable will be a bit---but only a bit---more difficult than most cables to unplug from the guitar, no matter which end you plug into your guitar, because there's not much to grip when unplugging. Of course, if you pull on the cable itself, instead of one of the ends, you'll ruin it in no time. Overall, I am quite happy with this cable and would buy more, since I don't need more than the length it has, and since it makes no noise.
i use this cable to run between my pedal board and amp at rehearsals in a small space.  i use another one to connect the wireless mic receiver to the p.a.  the box says they are 20' and maybe there is 20' of wire but the stretch on them is maybe 5-8'.
works as described on the ipad. for the price id expect a more durable product.its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well.
Thank goodness Amazon doesn't sell this gadget for the forty-dollar retail price tag.I just got mine today and tried it out. The sound quality complaints are no joke. There is a constant hiss and any slight movement of the iRig or iPhone while playing will create a loud static noise. Don't know if a better quality jack on the iRig would've solved this problem or not.But if you're willing to tweak with the input and output line levels as well as your speaker or headphone volume settings, you may find a happy medium that you can live with.Still, the ability to carry an amp around in your pocket is pretty cool. If I find the need to really use one of these I'll probably spring for something that plugs into the iPhone dock connector. Until then this'll be a fun toy to play with.March 29, 2012 - Just a quick addendum to my initial review. I've since discovered the noise filter in the AmpliTube iPhone app, and wow, what a difference! It sounds much, much better now. No more hiss, no more static.
Works perfectly with iphone and ipad.  The app that comes with it seems to be very sound and well designed.  My only complaint is that the product itself seems incredibly empty and fragile since there is no weight to it.  But it hasn't broke yet and it might never break.  Works perfectly with ear buds with mic/controller.  Great idea!
No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. There is no problem with my jack, and the phone is in pristine condition -- no problems until now. There is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. I registered my Amplitude app, and followed all of the instructions on the box. I tested the iRig with an iPhone 4 and was able to get it operating.I am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iPhone 4. But for my purposes with a 3Gs, it is a brick. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product.
If you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one.Was a gift from my girlfriend and i love this.The sound is incredible.Buy it, seriously.
I was very disappointed when I tried this thing. I bought it so that I could play along the songs that I have on my Ipod but the guitar sounds really distorted (don't thing I haven't tried changing the settings on the effects/amps). Also is very uncomfortable to use since you are surrounded by all those cables. If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. Being able to slow the songs down is somewhat useful but forget about playing along to it, it sounds so horrible is unbearable.Update: July 8, 2012. Against my better judgement I brought the Slash Amplitube app just to satisfy my curiosity and let me tell you is much much better. I guess the tittle of this review stands, the free app sucks but if you pay for it it'll be actually useful. I added two stars to the product.
one of my fav toys
I bought this because I had a new baby at home and this allowed me to practice without rocking disturbing her. It's affordable, and does the same thing as more expensive adapters
This is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iPhone or iPad. But if you want to use it for any recording at all, even demos, I strongly recommend going for the iRigHD. The HD sounds waaaaaay better, and the build quality is great. This guy, not so much. There was always a bit of noise with my old iRig, and it seemed to get worse over time. It also felt kinda fragile and chinsy. If you look, you can usually find the HD somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. I upgraded and would absolutely do it again.
I've used 4 different brands of clip-on tuners to tune my Classical guitars and electric basses, but this tuner is the most accurate. It captures the note immediately without errors, whether the low E on an electric bass guitar or the high E on my classical guitar. It is fast enough to use real time during intonation practice/training on fretless bass. It works flawlessly on solid body and acoustic instruments. Takes a little getting used to but simply, if the rings spin clockwise, the note is sharp; if the rings spin counterclockwise the note is flat.  If you can afford it, the Peterson is the best clip-on tuner out there.
This is my first strobe tuner.  So far it has been wonderful for intonation/initial setups.  It may be a little bit of overkill for average string tuning but one thing is for sure; it is accurate!  The only thing I don't like is that the housing feels "cheap."  Like plasticy cheap.  It was packaged in an attractive tin (which is not good for fitting in the guitar case) and I wouldn't take it on the road but it most definitely will be on my bench as the go-to tuner.It is easy to use, though the precision requires very gentle turns of your tuner.UPDATE:The battery life is short as noted by another reviewer. Since I only use it for initial setups and intonations I remove the battery when I place it back in its tin. There's a little storage slot for an extra battery in the the case which is useful.
I really like this tuner.  it works very well.  once you understand what you are supposed to be looking for on the tuner (ie., the moving black squares to no longer move),  then tuning is a simple and accurate thing.  it works great on all of my guitars, acoustic and electric.  comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it.  it cause a few bucks, but I think it is so much better than the other less expensive clip ons, that it is worth it.
As my reviews demonstrate, I'm a sucker for a new tuner.  Peterson has an excellent reputation for its strobe tuners. I'd even tried one, once, but decided it wasn't the sort of thing to be carrying around to jams.  So, when I saw that Peterson had introduced a clip on tuner, I couldn't help but salivate."Awkward" is a relative term, but I don't feel it's a disservice to use it here.  The typical clip-on tuner has an LCD "needle". When the needle is dead center, the string is tuner.  If it's short of center, the string is flat.  If it's past center, the string is sharp.  The SC-1 has two sets of rings that appear to rotate, analogous to what a strobe might look like.  A string is in tune when the rings stop rotating.  I found that with the way the sound of strings decays, it's difficult to get the rings to stop spinning, even in the SC-1's sustain mode.  (I've already returned the tuner.  Otherwise, I just realized, it would have been a big help to have done a short video of tuning a guitar with the SC-1 and with a Zoid or Intelli.)The SC-1 also boasts a "sweetened" mode for tuning guitars.  However, when  I tuned my lounging-at-home guitar this way, I found the needle was dead center on every string on my Intelli tuner. (For those who've read my other reviews, my preferred Zoid was in the case with my favorite guitar.)It may well be, and others may report, that the SC-1's feature set make it ideal for other situations.  However, if you main purpose is to keep a guitar in tune, then, with the SC-1 costing more than THREE ZoidsZoid Z-1000 Clip-On Tuner by Sabineor FOUR IntellisIntelli IMT500 Clip-on Chromatic Digital Tuner for Strings, I recommend that you consider the Zoid or Intelli.
I love my MXL 2010 microphone for its versatility, warmth in capturing the voice, and build quality. Most reviews I've read of MXL microphones have always emphasized it's clear and warm qualities it brings in our voices and instruments. The MXL Studio 24 aims at the consumer whom seeks a high quality condenser microphone without the usb interface. It keeps recording equipment minimal, literally connecting just through the usb cable. In short, the MXL Studio 24 has an excellent build (stand & microphone), easy to use software, and clear recording capabilities.Features:1) 22mm Condenser Capsule (not very big, but will suit most people)2) Cardioid pattern (I recommend also looking at microphones with figure 8 and omnidirectional patterns if those suit your needs better)3) Zero Latency monitoring (a bonus feature that not all condenser microphones have)4) Frequency response 20 Hz - 20 kHz (My MXL 2010 has a 30Hz - 20kHz. The 30hz merely means it can capture even more lowest lows)5) Output 1/8" headphone jack, USB audio6) High pass filter 120Hz, 235Hz, 465Hz (software controlled)7) Lightweight 340gThoughts- Very impressive build. It's built like a rock & has a very fine finish. The grill and the frame around the grill are solid. I was surprised at how heavy the base was. It has a flat cone shape and definitely keeps the microphone in place. It's not some cheap plastic.- The recording capability is parallel to my experience with myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Mic. The clarity and power isn't nearly as good as the MXL 2010, but is certainly close. Using an USB interface, a condenser microphone gets more power and you are able to tweak the settings a bit more. With USB, it's a bit more set for you, but that may suit some people perfectly. If you want minimal tweaks out of the box with some occasional tweaks later with the software, this is a solid option.- Easy to use. Plug it in via USB and you literally on your way. The software installation is optional. The microphone works without it. Windows 7 64 bit detected this microphone with no hiccups.SummaryThe MXL Studio 24 USB microphone is aimed at users whom seek higher quality recording with an excellent build. There are certainly cheaper USB condenser microphones, but not many compare to the build and durability of MXL products like this one. To me, the fairly luxurious price of the MXL 24 is justified with it's excellent build, clear recording, and the ease of use. If you're not too sure about getting this USB condenser microphone or any USB microphone for that matter, I recommend getting a condenser microphone (non-USB) and plugging that in via USB interface. If you need any guidance at all with that process, I'm more than willing to help out. Cheers
I occasionally give radio interviews and participate in telephone conference calls. I'm also toying with the idea of eventually doing a podcast and/or recording audiobooks. When I first opened this package I was struck how sturdy and professional-looking this microphone was. Even the case impressed me. The travel case is elegant and beautifully designed all by itself.The microphone was easy to put together and place on its stand. One thing I didn't like was having Reaper pushed on me. I've successfully used Audacity for years, and, even more important, it's a free program that does everything I ask of it. I installed Reaper and immediately disliked its interface. It also repeatedly yelled at me about how if I used it past 60 days it was going to make me pay for it. I didn't like its tone, so I uninstalled it. MXL really should reconsider its association with Reaper.I tested the Microphone on a phone call using Google Voice. Everyone I spoke with said the voice quality was superior to the cheaper mike I've been using. I also tested it with Audacity in recording my voice. Again, I was very happy with the results.The packaging materials said that I should have received a CD in the package. I looked everywhere but couldn't find it; apparently I need it for something called a custom Grahic User Interface (GUI). I emailed technical support ... and I'm still waiting to hear back. Not cool.So Reaper and customer service are definite negatives, but the equipment itself is outstanding.
Too much noise with one spot. This was way better.Lot of feature.Outlets 1&#8211;3 can all be used to power either 9V or 12V pedals. For each outlet, just use the VOLTAGE SELECTOR switches to choose the voltage you need, plug in your pedal and go!Outlet 4 works the same way and gives you a similar choice &#8211; except that it&#8217;s between 9V and 18V.Outlets 5 and 6 may only be used one at a time. If you use them both at the same time, you might get some noise. Like outlets 1&#8211;3, outlet 5 gives you a choice between 9V and 12V. Outlet 6 is a 12V AC outlet for pedals that require AC power.6 isolated outputs delivering 300mA each (centre pin is negative) AC output at connector 6. Will power all pedals.Most of my pedals are 20 to 30 mA. So potentially I could have 40 plus pedals in a chain. AwesomeAll the cables you needLike all T-Rex Fuel Tank power supplies, your new Chameleon comes with a full set of cables to help you keep your board clutter-free. Once you&#8217;ve selected your voltage options, just plug in and play!Excellent!Don't even think about it.Just get it.Highly recommend it
Its a very nice way to ensure all your pedals are powered properly. And ive noticed it helps cut down on excessive noise generated by pedals with when cheaper power sources are in use. I wish the power cable for the supply was longer but its nothing an extension cable cant fix. Weird thing was that the switches for voltage options were installed upside down. I lt didnt bother me really but if you get the same situation and you cant stand it, im sure you coukd just open it up and flip the little switch box around.
I picked up an old Boss ME-6B that required the Boss BRA-120 power supply. That thing outputs 12vAC. It also has a different size connector. Being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, I wasn't interested. So instead I spent ninety more dollars on this fuel tank and got a DC Power Plug 5.5x2.1mm to 6.3X3.0mm female adapter. Using  the 12vAC output on my Fuel Tank Chameleon works great. Awesome overkill solution. It also powers everything else and looks fine doing it.
With this power supply you can offer to your pedals 9Vdc, 12Vdc, 18Vd or 12Vac. I'm using 8 pedals conected to this power supply, and I don't have any kind of noise or hum.
I love this guitar!! It has a terrific sound and it's GORGEOUS!  The gig bag, although not padded, works very well and is well made.  The pockets are very handy.  All in all...one of the best purchases I've made for the money.  VERY HAPPY!!
Right out of the box, playable!  I did a tune up of the strings and they are holding pitch well after a couple of hours of playtime.  The electronics are just fine on the guitar I got.  I did have to adjust the string action down a bit, but hey, that goes with the territory.  There were some minor flaws in the finish, but for the money spent, this is a real workhorse and plays great!
It is a nice strap.  It takes care of business just fine.  I wish I could have found a more colorful style, but all I could find on line was black.  But it's a very good strap.
This strap is comfortable, has plenty of room to expand it to fit, and is just wide enough to continue to be comfy around you.  Perfect for uke or mandolin or banjolele, and even the extra thin travel ukes.  I really like it!
I have had trouble finding uke sized straps and have often had to use the larger guitar straps. This fits just right and looks just right.  It's well made and not too expensive.  I just wish I had found them before buying all those guitar straps.
I ordered this strap to use with both my concert & tenor ukes.  It just works.I already owned a ukulele leash-type thing that required me to poke my arm through a loop at one end and then put a hook in the uke's sound hole or tie it off to the head. The problem, of course is that if you just let go of the uke it still falls away from your body (sometimes disastrously).  With a strap like this one, you can completely let go of your uke & it stays perfectly in place. Chord changes & strumming become easier when you don't have to concentrate so much on clamping the thing to your body or supporting the neck.This is a nice size strap, not to wide not to narrow.  The length is easily adjusted to work with a variety of uke (and uke player) sizes. It does require at least one button on the bottom of the uke. The other end of the strap can be tied to the head with the included string if you like to do it that way. In my case I installed two buttons - more convenient and the strap doesn't interfere with my chord-hand. Here are the buttons I used:Strap ButtonsIf the thought of installing buttons makes you hesitant, put your fears aside. It can be done quickly & easily and the end result is well worth it. Here's an entertaining how-to video that will walk you through it: (...)
I looked at a lot of different straps before ordering this one.  I hesitated a bit because I couldn't find anywhere that they specified the width, but it was a good price, so I took a chance.  It's about one and a half inches wide, by the way.  I'm very happy with it and I like that it has the flexibility to attach one end to either the headstock or a button.  I can't think of any negatives, it's a nice, functional, non-flashy strap that does it's job well, and it's wide enough that it doesn't feel like it's digging into my shoulder.
this is very inexpensive and works great for my home-wanna be purposes.  it is not superloaded with heavy delay, etc. but it definitely gives you the effect.  it links well with other pedals.  the Battery wears out pretty quick and it does not come with a 9 v plug in.  therefore, I would recommend spending a couple of bucks and get a standard 9V plug in on Amazon or at a local electronics store and not worry about the batteries always going dead.I like it enough that I will probably get a few more of this company's petals as the effect is good and the price is right.for my limited purposes, this works great.  if you are a pro gigging or on the road, you probably want to get a more versitile, heavy duty and expensive delay petal.
This delay is really nice, especially for the price.  I am a fan of the FAB line of effects and have several of them.  My favorite is this delay and the Echo.  They have been very durable and I am confident that the plastic body of the pedals will remain durable.  My only complaint is the markings on the level knobs.  They have a very thin pale red line that is hard to see.  This could have been more thoughtfully desingned with a thick bright white line that would contrast against the knob surface.  This can be done yourself with a paint marker or whiteout brush, but it should have been considered ahead of time.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-8 600Ms Delay effects pedal works great and gives me as much delay as I need .  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the delay you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Like most of the other Danelectro pedals this one has a great sound and in this case a fairly inexpensive price though it is higher than most of their other pedals.  Once again though get the AC-DC adapter for it as it'll put you in the poor house supplying 9v's to it...it eats them like candy
The delay pedal was inexpensive and it works.  I dont find a lot of variance in the adjustments, but it does the job it was made for.  The case may be plastic but it appears quite rugged.
I love these cheap little pedals.I don't know if these would make a long tour with rough use - but they will be good for small club use with a careful handler.Great for around the house and rehearsal.A little noisy - but what do you expect at this price, right?So far very reliable after a few months of use. I will take this out on a little club tour and post back with problems and reliability concerns and if there are any preventative measures to address beforehand.Otherwise - great product. They look cool also - like something out of the 60's Star Trek or something.*************************************09/27/2013I still use this pedal on my main pedal board - it just sounds so good!Sound guy asked me about it the other night - and when I showed it to him he didn't believe me.$10 for some of the best analog delay sounds out there - who needs boutique pedals?
I have two delay pedals, both inexpensive (this one and a Behringer) and although this one is even cheaper than the already cheap Behringer, the Danelectro sounds more natural.  The Behringer has a somewhat brittle high end to the delayed signal, which is perfectly ok for some applications.  The Danelectro has a warmer, almost analog feel.  It sounds awesome when used in conjunction with your lead boost for solos.  The case is plastic but unless you eat 3 times your weight at the Golden Corral buffet then jump up and down on the pedal with both feet, you're not going to break it.  The only thing I don't like is that the three control knobs are facing away from you when you use it.  I suppose this was done to allow the knobs to fit into the "retro" look of this pedal.  Ok, fine.  I've heard pedals costing twice as much that don't sound as nice as this one.  As one reviewer once wrote, there are guitarists who would rather catch AIDS than be seen with cheap pedals on their pedal board; I, however, think some of these cheap pedals function quite well, and in some cases, just as well as their more expensive counterparts.  If you have the nerve to put this pedal in the same board with your Holy Grail, OCD, and other "boutique" pedals, I promise the other ones won't catch AIDS from this.  In fact, the whole ensemble will benefit.
I replaced the older strings in my acoustic guitar.  While these strings are a bit harder to play (they are not forgiving on the fingertips of people just learning how to play) they do sound great. A lot better than the stock strings that came with the guitar.
Whenever I played with traditional strings, my fingertips would turn green. This was because bare metal would react with the salt and sweat from my fingers and oxidize (similar to the Statue of Liberty). This corrosion causes the strings to become duller and worn out. The defining feature of this product is the coating which is meant to prevent moisture from causing this reaction. Therefore, your strings last much longer. Traditionally, the coating has reduced the sound quality of guitar strings. However, this product is wonderful! For the first 3 days the strings sound strange. But after they stretch out a little, they sound perfectly fine. My fingers have stopped turning green; proof that the product works! I have yet to buy another set of strings.2 months later:These strings have been great, but I do have to admit they do not last 3 to 5 times as long as advertised. They last about twice as long.
These are outstanding strings that sound great; just a littler softer (to my ears) than the standard Martin strings. They last longer and are worth the difference in price over regular, non-coated strings.
I haven't picked up a guitar in 15 years, but this was a LONG Winter and I needed something to occupy my time.I broke out my Strat and discovered that the amp was dead - mice had eaten the wiring.Crap.So - Online to see what defined "State of the Art".  This is It.If you need a basic practice amp that, with a decent laptop and internet connection, can help you produce ANY sound with a few simple instructions THIS IS IT.No Foot pedals or expensive add-ons [until you really have to have them]... Just pure creative sound that won't break the bank.Buy This Amp !
The last amplifier I purchased was a Fender Twin valve some years ago. It is difficult to use in a small apartment - too loud!! So, after giving up trying to use this with the volume at '1', I searched for a smaller thing. This amp looked suspiciously cheap and, although the reviews were great, still was concerned whether it would be good enough. It arrived and I got into realizing it went on the web for downloading presets and all kinds of features, including recording. This was really a mind blowing thing. The built in sounds and effects are better than many of my effect pedals, and I no longer use my Zoom. Setting it emulate a twin reverb, with the effects used lightly, I am amazed at both the quality of this 'practise amp' and recommend this to anybody who wants a huge bang for their buck!!!
This amp is a ton of fun. The presets sound great by themselves, but you can also spend hours tweaking the sounds with the Fender Fuse software. It is a fun little amp for both pros and beginners alike.
I LOVE THIS AMP. Here are the reasons: Solidly made, everything is high quality.  Best of all it comes with Fender Fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your PC using the USB cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) INCLUDING special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the PC screen visually. You can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. If you want to play a Pink Floyd song you can download a David Gilmour preset and there you go. You got your Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall preset ready to go.  This is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  I can record directly from the amp into my PC Mixpad software program.
I ordered this and it arrived surprisingly quickly.  It arrived in a large box and within in the Fender Amp box.  I guess 2 boxes is good as it provides more protection.  Sadly, when I tried to use them amp, it didn't work!  I checked the wall plug, cord, flicked several switches and knobs but still didn't work.  Needless to say, I sent the amp back to Amazon which was quick and painless.  I wanted an exchange.  I expected the amp to be received and check out and only then a exchange amp sent to me.  But I was shocked to find out that as soon as the return UPS label was recorded at the UPS store, they shipped out another amp.  And it arrived in 4 days since I returned the first one!  WOW!!! That's customer service.The amp is great.  Small footprint, sounds great for what I want it for which is bedroom/basement practice amp.  Does it's job very nicely.  I explored the FUSE software and the potential is almost endless.  Honestly, I don't think I will every fully utilize the full capability of the FUSE software.  I just need some basic sound and some simple tweeking here and there.  I may use someone else's uploaded presets and play with the various options later on.  In summary, 5 stars for the amp and 5 stars for the customer service.
Bought this amp probably about two years ago. The amp has 3 levels of 8 presets each, for a total of 24 unique presets, ranging form heavy metal distortion sounds and reverberating clean tones. (The '65 Twin Reverb on the Orange Level is by far my favorite.) The amp includes gain, a volume and separate master volume knob in addition to bass and treble knobs. I feel like it is a bargain at any price. A great amp for practice and beginners.
I bough this amp for my 9 year old son who is learning guitar for his Christmas present.  I thought that since I love Fender guitars and since he has a mini Squier we'd like to get something in the Fender Family.  I seriously expected a cheap imitation of a Line 6 Spider with a Fender logo slapped on it.  I should have had more faith in Fender.I am blown away by the sounds that come out of this amp.  The AMP models are far more real and interesting sounding than any modeling tool I have ever used.  The amps don't sound digital or processed, they actually sound overdriven when you crank the gain.  You would swear that there are tubes in this thing when you listen to it.  I can't get over the Bassman, the twin Reverb and the Deluxe.  They sound so full and strong.My biggest compliment of the Mustang is that it is the ONLY modeling amp that has great sounding Vintage tones.  Line 6 has tons of metal stuff, and a lot of weird niche tones.  Vox has never really made great modeling stuff.  Digitech sounds super processed and the vintage tones are terrible.If you play Blues, Rock, Classic Rock, Country, Funk etc... This amp is for you.  There is just enough metal or heavy sounds to have a few choices for Modern Metal, but Metalheads might be better off with the Line 6 stuff.The other great thing about this amp is how easy it is to tweak the tones using the amp controls.  By looking at the controls, you know right where you are and what you have to do to edit your sound.  You don't need to dive 5 levels deep into an LCD screen in order to make great sounding tweaks.But if you like to go deep, you'll love the Fender Fuse software.  It is easy to use and there are countless user submitted tones to help shape your sound.The fact that Fender not only included FUSE with this amp, but also the Ableton recording software that is also pretty user friendly and fully usable without having to pay to upgrade anything, is just frosting on the cake.I am a father of 4 who normally has to practice at night and being able to have an amp that can get quiet but still sound amazing, with the added features of a headphone jack and an AUX in, I can play whenever I want.  I am actually selling my nice Tube amp and using the Mustang as my only amp for now, and I feel like I am not missing out on any features or downgrading my sound at all.The value of this amp is amazing.  People will shell out 2-3x as much for a Line 6 modeler, but the vintage tones will not sound anywhere close to as good as the Fender tones.
This amp is awesome! Its great JUST like it's advertised. I play more of the modern metal side but i managed to make quite a few sick distortions using the Fender Fuse software. Fender Fuse is very simple to use and once you get the hang of it you can get more detailed & advanced with your settings to get the tone you desire. The amp itself has 24 presets (as advertised) & are shown in 3 different colors (Red, Green, & Orange)  and you can totally customize the presets. So if you want 24 different distortions go for it! Another thing it comes with ableton live but its just a demo version of the program so u can look at the tutorials & learn how to use it & record some music but you can't save them (bummer i know) BUT! it gives you some kinda pass that allows you to save a few recordings. One last thing you can purchase a one button foot pedal (about $20)the Fender mustang 1&2 can only USE the 1 button foot pedal the foot pedals that uses 2 buttons or up can only be use by Fender Mustangs 3 & up REMEMBER THIS!
For $99 you get the best good sized, heavy duty, high quality amp with tons of SOUND!-Construction: Solid, good material and parts, Fender used the good stuff.-Sound: Nice clear & LOUD sound especially for an 8" speaker and 20W amp. You can definitely jam with a drummer no problem, or just shred it wearing headphones.-Effects: There are 9 "amp models" (i.e. "57 deluxe", "metal 2000", etc...) and with these 9 amp sounds to choose from, you can apply 24 effects on top of any of the 9 amp models.The effects include chorus, deep chorus, flange, tremelo, vibration, phaser, step filter, delay (150ms, 300ms, 700ms), Reverb, large hall, small room, echo filter, octaver, etc...)So what are the presets? Each of the 9 amp models has been pre-programmed with three different presets (meaning a professional put three different combinations of effects on the amp model to showcase its best sounds).When you select a preset, like the first metal 2000 for example, the minute you touch the "gain" knob, the gain that was programmed for that preset now becomes whatever level you set. Same with treble, bass, volume, and all other effects. The moment you touch any dials or effects knobs, you have custom control to tweak each preset, just temporarily, or save it if you wish.It's so great, because often I feel I would have made a present slightly more this or that, simply grab the gain or change the treble, or move from delay to reverb and make it your own! Very easy.-Ease of use: Plug in your guitar, spin the dials to select the presets and to change the effects. Plug in ipod or computer with 3.5mm male cable. It's that easy!-PC Software: I've heard their is trouble installing, mine said "error" and did not install on Windows 7. I know there are ways to fix this, and I will do so when I have some time. Comes with a USB cable (mini for the amp, regular plug for the computer). Works for mac or PC, get more presets, use effects pedels and recording instruments through the computer. Play on guitar rig and amplitude. Awesome.-Size: Perfect. Big enough to give it a serious look, and a quality feel. Small enough to fit easily under a table, next to your desk, etc. Looks like 18"x18" to me. The front metal-looking grill is mesh, but quality and looks great.-Tuner: Super simple. Doesn't tell you which note is in tune, just tells you left, right, or green in center for "in tune".All in all when compared to the Line 6 Spider, and many other fender amps, this one has the quality sound, the dozens of different effect combinations, input for a footswitch, aux for ipod, and USB for computer. It has it all. I jam through headphones for hours each day since I bought it. The reverb and gain distortion are so clean, and the clean channels on some of the amp models have really good tone. My guitars sound way better than they used to through my old mini fender amp.Don't sleep on this, it's $99 for a loud quality amp with $1,000s worth of effects peddles built in.And did I mention, EASILY CUSTOMIZABLE so easy I could teach a 5 year old. Select a preset, change the dials you want to change, make changes permanent only by hitting "save" otherwise presets stay the way the factory made them.LOVE THIS AMP, and I've shopped EVERY comparable model. This is the one, hands down worth a minimum of $150.Louder than my friends 60W!:D ONE LOVE FENDER MUSTANG YOU ROCK!
Great little amp, but get a tube amp if you're serious about playing guitar. It will sound a lot better and it's not too much more expensive. Solid state just isn't the same.I'll also say that it's quite difficult to get a natural sound out of this amp without a lot of tweaking. Even then, you won't get a great clean tone. The Fender Champ X2 is a great alternative to the more expensive and desiralble vintage Fender Vibro Champ. Go with Quality and save yourself a future purchase (resale vale is great on the X2 as well).
Well over the past 4 years I've been running through a bunch of these mini, micro, battery powered, small tubed, and solid state, model budget amplifiers.Lets see, done all the Blackheart small amps, the Vox mini-3 & AC4TV, Roland MICRO-CUBE, plus a few other small amps. I just sold my Fender Super Champ XD and wasn't going to get another amp because playing in my apartment with neighbors, I just cannot jam the way I'd like to...I really liked all the above named amps but they really didn't give me the options of cranking it without disturbing my neighbors. Loved the Fender Super Champ probably the best, but there wasn't a headphone jack. Same with the Blackhearts and the Vox AC4TV and the potential of these amps just couldn't be used by me. So I settled on the Vox Mini-3 (4watt), because it has a headphone jack, is also A/C or battery powered, among a lot of other great features and sounds.. but I did have to give up tube amp option...So as I said I sold my Super Champ like a week ago and as I was mailing it out using the Amazon online mailing appz when I saw a picture and price (in the browser) on this new Fender Mustang I and I figured... what the hell. Lets see what its got to offer for under $100. I mean everyone was giving it a 5-star rating, so whats a $100 bucks, even though I've never had a good sounding solid state amp.Well I must say this thing rocks! There are like 3 phases of model amps, most I didn't like at first but was able to fine tune most of em to sound pretty great. I mean its only a $100 amp so it cannot be compared to the real deals, but it does stand up pretty nice. Plus it has the headphone jack (and a couple other plugins and effects) and this thing will blow your ears out. Most amplifier headphone jacks.. tap out and never got loud enough for me, but this thing screams and blow-out your ears. I've had it now like 3 days and was thinking about sending it back, but for $100, there's nothing in the market that can compare or compete with its, SOUND, low pricing, and options... So I'm now glad that I sold my Fender Super Champ XD and bought this one and put the other $150 back in my pocket... ya!This is the best solid state amp I've ever owned and I still miss the tube option.. But I'm sure something better will appear next year and until, then... well a person just cannot go wrong by buying this Fender AMP!
It looks nicer than pictured, seems solid and well-constructed, but most important of all it sounds fantastic! I've only had this amp now for roughly a day, but stayed up a good part of last night playing. I couldn't stop. This morning I opened the outside doors and cranked it all the way up to about half volume. (Scared the cat and made the dog wonder what the heck that new thing is making all the noise.) Beyond the halfway setting, it would've hurt my ears. Yes, it's that loud! Absolutely more than enough amp for your practice and small-event purposes. So far, I've only played through the amber pre-sets and only experimented some with the modulations knob. I like the bluesy, tube-effect modelings the most and don't know that I'll see much need to go looking to create a lot of custom settings. But it's nice to know this amp can deliver, either with or without the additional FUSE software, such an incredibly diverse array of sounds should the need ever arise. Thanks, Fender!
I got this on sale from GC for $80 shipped (plus $7 tax arrrgh). First and foremost this amp is AMAZING.  All the hype and positive reviews you read are all true.  My playing style varies from horrible attemps at sounding like a real player to half way decent renditions of actual songs (lol) and this amp does it all.  The tube amp models sound like real tubes and have a tone and sound that just can't be described, they have to be heard.  The modulations, and del/reverbs are well done also.  There are a few of the effects that sound a little vanilla or digital but those can be tweaked with the Fuse software (or taken out completely).  All the controls are pretty easy to understand and adjust, and it does not take a brilliant mind to figure out how to make the amp sound good (even with my substandard playing ability!  Both of my cheap guitars sound great thru this amp.  The tuner is pretty accurate and easy to use.  Headphones work well also.  About my only real complaints are so minor- no place to store the Power cord or USB cord (included!).  Printed documentation is pretty lame but the included DVD is more through.  The Fuse software has to be downloaded and as I have limited online speed this took over an hour.  The headphone jack is a 3.5mm and most good headphones are still using the 1/4".  Not a big deal but the 3.5mm to 1/4" adaptors are somewhat weak and can be very touchy.  The amp gives an audiable POP when powered down.  No corner protectors on this.  All in all if you are looking for a great small amp this will give you $1000's of dollars worth of effects and amp models all for under 100 clams!
Great little amp to mess around with. The various sound changes and the range of sound mimics is amazing. The software that came with it is a little limited for true professionals but has more than you need for home use. Don't be fooled by the small size, this baby pumps out the noise quite well. I'd rarely turn my master volume above level 4 (of 10) for home use and at small local taverns I'd set it at around level 8. For a regular venue I have an extra Marshall 500-watt speaker system.You will need time to read the manual and learn the settings making it fun to see what kind of effects you can get. No pedals needed with this thing. I only gave it 4-stars because I later bought the Mustang III which has a bunch more features for an extra $200 and a blow-out 100-watt speaker. (The Mustang IV is the same as the III but with 150-watts. Again, you can but an extra 100-watt speaker for $40, making the extra $200 for a Mustang IV a waste.) The Mustang II is the same as this one but with a 40-watt speaker and $100 more.If you need something to play with at home and want to try different effects and sounds this is a good one at a cheap price. If you want the extra 20-watts (of the Mustang II) just buy this one and an extra 20-watt speaker (around $30) and jury rig it. Otherwise I recommend plunking the extra $200 and get the Mustang III with a digital display readout and more effects.
I got one of these here on Amazon as a replacement for my other small practice amp, an older Fender 25 watt blackface two-channel that didn't have integrated EFX (that one has been more or less permanantly allocated to my church).Great little amp. Only had it for a couple days, but the sounds you can evoke out of this thing are amazing. Clean tones are pristine. Distortion tones, a bit on the transistory side, but again, I haven't played with the setting enough (or even tried all the emulations). Controls are straightforward and easy to operate without glasses on. It is a bit lacking in low-end, to be expected from a small 8" speaker. But that is okay for practice and rehearsal. It is loud enough for rehearsal with a drummer (depending on the style of music). I did purchase the single button footswitch as well and it works great at switching between any TWO settings you define.Have not had a chance to mess with the included software, but intend to do that when I have time. I like the fact that I can tweak the amp to my EXACT preferences and it stays in memory; I only really have to do it once. Great feature.Only suggestions to Fender would be to add a recessed area in the back to stow the power cord (standard computer type) and optionally, the included USB cable.Overall, for the price, it is an incredible value. Great alternative to lugging my full rig (Marshall 2X12 cab, racked Rocktron Pirhanna, ADA 100 watt tube head, Alesis Midiverb IV and some other stuff). Get yours while you can at this price.UPDATE -- The Fender software that you can download and use with this amp is freaking amazing. I now have it more or less permanently attached to my computer via USB and am constantly tweaking and refining my tones. The Princeton amp emulation is SWEET. I am going to buy a second one, probably the larger Mustang III, cause I want the larger Celestion speaker. You know, pretty much every Fender product I have ever purchased has been first rate, and this amp is no exception. And I don't care if it is made in Mexico (my guitar is a differnt matter though...)
im not a profesional player but i like to play once in a while just for fun and this sound great.
My review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.After all of that I finally realized I was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.The thing happening with this amp I think is a few things. Fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and I don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, I wanted ANYTHING but a strat body, unless I have a grand to pay for an older one, I'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and I would only get one after I got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID!And I am so glad I did. I almost got a peavey vypyr, and I am glad I didn't. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like "what music snobs" and what have you. But I realized that I'm a music snob! I love the music I listen to more than anything, and feel like the music I create should have a life to it as well. So I returned the mustang 2 and ALMOST got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause I wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but THANKFULLY I caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final.The decision I did make I think will be great for me, as I'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects I need. I kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "I was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! No matter what tweaking I was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.I think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and I've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but I needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.I think if I played this at a GC I wouldn't of gotten it, and I just tried to make myself like it.
As far as amps that model vintage tones.  This is the best.For my ear, Line 6, Vox, Crate, Digitech etc are nowhere near the Fender Mustang if you are comparing Vintage tones.I have played amps and effects from many companies, as well as many of the 'hybrid amps' that combine tube and digital tones, and if you are looking for the best recreation of Vintage Blues, Rock, Hard Rock, Country tones... the type of tones that you get from some of the famed Fender amps, the Mustang Series is as good as you are going to do.I originally bought the Mustang I for my 9 year old son to be his first practice amp and when we hooked it up for him, I could hardly let him play.The tone editing is easy through the controls on the amp.  It is easy and straight forward to see what you need to do to tweak your sound just by turning knobs.  When you add the Fender FUSE to the mix and start to download new tones from the web and tweak it with dozens of stomp boxes and effects that are free to play with and try and keep on your amp this is an amazing value. (not to even mention the Ableton recording software that comes for free with the amp.)The reason I love this amp is because of the faithful recreation of the great Fender amps like the Bassman, Deluxe Reverb, and Twin Reverb.  I have never heard a digital sound replicate tube amps even close to this well.I have heard several people say that they would never buy this amp because it is not a tube amp or because they are not computer savvy.For the Tube amp snobs...Nothing is going to match the sound of a really great Fender Tube amp.  But if you want to recreate great fender amps at low volumes the Mustang will be a great practice amp for you. OR... if you want to bring an amp to practice that weighs a fraction of what your Fender Tube amps weighs, the mustang is a great choice.  I am selling my only tube amp now that I have the Mustang II because I don't gig and really need an amp that I can practice with at night while the kids are in bed.For the Non-Computer folk...There is plenty to keep you occupied on this amp without ever plugging it into a computer.  And if you want to give it a try, it couldn't be easier to download new sounds and tweak your favorite tones.For the Metalheads...This amp probably is not for you.  Go try and buy a higher gain Line 6 or the Vox ADT series of hybrid amps to get some really heavy tones.  There are some decent metal tones to download on the FUSE, but the real strength of this amp is Vintage tones.Let me make it clear!  I played my son's Squier Mini guitar through this amp and it sounds really amazing.  I have a Fender Strat, Squier Tele and a Les Paul and they all sound amazing in this amp.This is the first piece of guitar equipment that has given me absolutely NO buyers remorse.  Unbeatable value.  A great toy.  A perfect practice tool.  You can't beat it.
I passed on all the Fender G-Dec units for years,(still glad I did), instead buying the Line 6 Spyder Jam and then a Line 6 Spyder IV. They are both great amps for sure, but for the money, Fender has really got this one right.  The clean tones on this are just great. The ability to modify with FUSE is an additional layer of gravy.  The amp is just about perfect for bedroom, studio or practice. I bet more than a few of these quietly show up in Nashville studios...I still love my Line 6 units, especially my Spyder Jam cause I can play along with tracks, and I love the accuracy of the models in the Line 6 Spyder IV.  But if you are in the market for a great practice amp, or an amp that will take you from super clean to vintage dirty for special effects on a demo, Fender hits the mark on this one. It's just ridiculous what is in this for $199.I compared this to a VOX Valve modeling amp, not even a contest. Against a Spyder IV, individual tastes will vary.Only complaint is the "stacking" of the six effects onto just two knobs. But that is a minor complaint. Most people don't use chorus and flange at the same time anyway.If you are in the market for a cheap, reliable modeling amp that is less cost than a Digitec RP500 pedal, you owe yourself to look at this thing. Right now, it is the biggest bang for the buck. I only wish I had bought the Mustang III, but it was not available yet when I purchased.
Was looking for a good solution to practice guitar at night while my 1 year slept. Before I was plugging in headphones to my amp head, but it was getting kind of annoying to set everything up (take out electric plug covers, get all cords out of the cabinets, etc). Oh how life changes with a baby! :)This little product is the perfect solution.It takes two AAA batteries (some generic brand are included in the package). There are two ON settings: regular ON and "FX" ON. Regular on is basically like a standard lead channel. Turn down the gain and the cleans are pretty clean. Crank up the gain and you get a nice rock crunch. Nothing heavy metal, but a nice crisp crunch. FX ON turns on a little delay effect. You can not adjust the delay effect, only turn it on or off. There are also knobs for volume and tone.Plug your headphones into the side, and you can also plug in an MP3 player on the top to jam with a backing track.VOX has samples for all of their AMPlugs on their website, however they seem to be missing samples for the Joe Satriani version. I would say that the JS version is pretty close to the "LEAD" amplug.I have a pair of middle/lower range headphones (Audio-Technica ATH-M30 Professional Studio Monitor Closed-back Dynamic Stereo Headphones) and the amplug sounds fantastic.In the title I wrote "wait for this to go on sale" ... b/c of the JS branding, this particular amplug retails at a much higher price than the other amplugs. However, it frequently drops down to the same price level so keep your eyes peeled! Personally at the higher MSRP i dont think its worth it, but at the same price it is if you are looking for a nice lead tone.
Took it on vacation so I didn't have to leave my axe at home. Fit right in the guitar case with my headphones - got my practice and jamming in everyday with some good tone and effects. Worth the price and no lugging around a small amp just for practice on the go.
It wasn't terrible for someone who was a beginner with electric guitars and amp but after a while, it becomes less and less useful.
This may be 10Watts but it can fill a big room with its sound. Not too heavy and very handy for traveling. This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient.
This little dude weighs next to almost nothing. It gets loud enough as you need it in a bedroom (LOUD), don't expect to gig with it, and don't expect Marshall Tube quality, either. It does however, sound amazing!! It's clean, bright and loud. For metal it's got great control of the distortion tone, which sounds pretty good.
A good solid piece of equipment with great tone and control! It came extremely well packed. For the price, this is one great little dynamo!
Good basic first amp.  Great for practicing in the bedroom without bothering everyone in the house!  Compact size makes storage easy.
Rogue G10 10W Guitar Combo Amp Black is good small amp for practicing.Actually, it's loud enoucht for home.Recommend it.
I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room.The amp will reach its max in short order, but again, for what it is and the price, it ishard to find an equal.
a very recent purchase....I have not used it yet so I can't say much...however I have loaded the software on my laptop...the software has soooo many capabilities its about mind boggling.....very good deal for newbies like me!!!
Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8.6 seconds flat and when I went in fl studio and selected it and tried it out with some sound kits but it was slow recognizing like I'd press the keys and it wouldn't recognize right away, then I remembered the asio drivers weren't activated, then I activated them and every key I'd press it would recognize immediately! Great buy! I hope if y'all get one! It's great and making beats is so much easier now then pressing the keys on the regular computer keyboard!
I have a fully-weighted 88-key Alesis QS 8.1 and an M-Audio Axiom 61 semi-weighted and they're both fine when I'm just playing standalone or recording audio or MIDI. But I wanted something with a lighter touch for entering notation and experimenting with soft synth sounds, when my focus is more on writing and software than on playing, per se. The Alesis is perfect: I can grab keys effortlessly without feeling distracted by playing the keyboard 'correctly' - if that makes sense (it makes a clear difference to me).I opted for the 25 key strictly for space considerations and, while the down/up octave shift keys are easy and intuitive to use, I often wish I'd gone for a larger model to get wider voicings. I may trade it in for an upgrade at some point, but overall I'm very happy with the keyboard.
First, keys are not my best instrument to play, just a beginner, I'm a professional guitarist. That said, I purchased this for my home recording studio. The controller that I had was a ION but had mini keys. I love the fact that this controller has full size keys. Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. I know it's not the best controller but it's good if your on a limited budget.
Could be a fluke, but my unit was defective straight out of the box.  Plugged it into the Macbook Pro, fired up GarageBand and right away it's MIDI connectivity was intermittent. Then it had some stuck notes.  Then it stopped being recognized at all.  It still got power from the USB bus, but no MIDI, no sound.  The jack was visibly wiggly, too.So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back.  Rather than bust it open and get soldering iron, I returned it and bought an M-Audio Oxygen 25 for $20 more.
Works as advertised but the keys are stiff. Pads take too much presure to activate. Nice that I dont need another interface to connect it to my laptop.After the first few uses the USB socket broke and fell off into the unit rendering it useless. Wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru Amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. I had registered it with AKAI already so I complained to them and they sent me a new one. I had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product.Not recommending this product.
This unit might be great if you have child hands - The KEYS ON THE  keyboard is soooo small..  Don't get this if you have Man hands! wtf U[DATE THE DESCRIPTION Akai WTF
The size of this makes it awesome for carrying around and it all works great. I have it custom mapped for multiple softwares. I love the product and all the features for the price. My only problem is, is that the USB plug on the controller becomes lose very quickly after moderate use. This is actually a huge problem, once the plug stops working your out of a controller. I would recommend this controller for home use and to leave the plug in the controller and do touch unless you have to. When unplugging it just be careful and it'll last a lot longer. The price on amazon is awesome.
I use this to record my band and other songs into garage band. Plugged right in, no drivers to install, computer recognized it immediately. I am missing out on a lot of this thing's capabilities by using it only in garageband, but for what I need it for, it's perfect. I use it to make drum beats and to add tambourine and other percussion instruments for our tracks. I researched a ton before I bought this one. Touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. I could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine.
This is a really amazing portable Midi Keyboard. This is great for anyone wanting to create music while traveling. I've had no problems with it and the beat pads are really firm, but nice. You have to use a lot of pressure on the pads, but oh well. It is perfect. PLUS There are soo many settings and options to play with, as well as setting the knobs on the keyboard to do whatever you need it to do. Works amazing in FL Studio.
small and unobtrusive; just leave it there everytime you play. get in tune anytime you need to no matter what is going on around you.
I still love these things. I remember spending over $60 for a guitar tuner in the 80's and having to unplug from the amp to plug into the tuner to tune and then back to the amp with my guitar hanging round my neck. Now??? I just clip it and forget it till I need it and push it's little button. If I forget to turn it off it has an auto off feature if it detects no vibration for a while. A new batterry lasted me almost two years. My first tuner's battery it came with lasted over a year. Expect to pay $5 TO $6 for a replacement battery. My more recent Snarks are still running on original batteries.
All I wanted was a simple tuner... that's what this is. If you just want something cheap and basic with only one button then this product is perfect. Pros: Works fast/accurate and can recognize full chromatic scale. Cons: Built with cheap plastic so it may break if continually dropped. Also, tends to get confused when there is interference from other instruments in a loud room. FYI: Snark makes more complex tuners(Which are actually cheaper on amazon) that also have 3 or 4 extra features.
For this price, you owe it to yourself to get at least one of these little things, better yet, get one for each guitar you own.They're reliable and easy to use. And ACCURATE!!!You can mount these in such a way that the display points to be back of the headstock. That way, they're easy to read and don't screw up the look of your guitar.Why no 5 star review? Because they're battery eaters. The provided battery lasts for about a month, then starts dimming. Not cool. A rechargeable version would be good.
My main complaint is that this tuner is only approximately accurate.  It also occasionally fails to register at all.  I've tried putting in slightly different positions on the head of my guitars, but the contact is sporadic.  I A/B ed the Snark against two other tuners, and the snark fails to show notes that are a little flat and sometimes shows false sharp readings.  The other two tuners agree with each other and sound right to my ear.  Most people like this tuner, and on the plus side I also liked its convenience and the ease with which the results can be read.  Unfortunately my copy did not nail the pitch.
Other pedals in this category can be anywhere from 50-150 and more.  I just wanted a decent simple pedal that could be used on occasion with my garage band buddies.  This is perfect.  I've only used a few times so I can't testify to the durabilty, but it sounds great.  Does exactly what you want out of an analog delay pedal.
First, let me tell you what this pedal can't do.  It won't do long delays.  So, if you're into the sound of The Edge from U2 or David Gilmour, look for something else.  Expect to shell out over a hundred dollars for a delay pedal with lots of knobs and switches that are more versatile.  But if you just need a slapback delay or just a touch of ambience, this pedal will not disappoint!  Analog delay pedals are known to have a warm tonal characteristic.  Users of MXR Carbon Copy swear by them.  But for around $30, the Rogue pedal will get you close, minus the longer delay time.  I've read in some guitar forums that these are the same as the Belcat and Modtone boxes.  The pedal itself looks sturdy, made out of metal.  Compared to my digital delay, the Rogue sounded warmer, although my other delay has a switch for "echo" that made it warmer too.  This pedal sounded good and I have no complaints.  I don't use a long delay time, in fact, I don't max it out.  I only use about 75-80 percent.  Before judging this pedal, please experiment on it's placement on your pedal board.  The user manual advises you to put it before the distortion but unfortunately, it doesn't sound good on my rig.  Placing after the distortion pedal sounded better.  However, everytime I use the dirt channel of my Traynor YCV40, the tone gets muddy.  Now it's in the effects loop just like my other delay.  The sound has better definition.  It might sound different on your amp but at least try placing it before the distortion, then after the distortion and finally, the effects loop in your amp.  Ultimately, you and your gear will have the last say.  Overall, a good deal for the price.  I'm thinking of setting up a smaller board of 4 inexpensive pedals for that grab and go situation where my big board will be too cumbersome.  And if anything goes wrong, I can easily replace the pedals (Joyo, Rogue, Mooer).  Play on!
I have had this pedal for a while and prefer it to my boss dd7 and the anolog is much more natural sounding. Its said that its not actually an anolog pedal however I think it does a good job at mimicking anolog sound. Ive played guitar and bass for over 10 years and had a few decent pedals in that time. I might be embarrassed about the label but not the sound. great pedal.
I wanted a delay pedal but I'm not playing for big money so I had to watch the $$$ I spent. I read the reviews on the lower dollar pedals and decided on the Rogue. I haven't had much time to REALLY play with it, but trying it out has been fun and I expect it will do the job for me!
The Rogue Analog Delay is well-constructed and feels very high quality given the price.  It's similar in size to an MXR stompbox, though the knobs are more reminiscent of a BOSS.  Delay is a very simple effect that is increasingly available on modeling amplifiers to cheap plastic entry-level pedals.I really have no complaints about the Analog Delay in terms of how it performs and sounds.  It does a good job of creating that ambient short delay sound up to about 320ms, or slapback rockabilly on quicker repeats.  It's just too bad that they weren't able to stretch out the delay time a little longer, perhaps to 450ms or 500ms.  Once you get into that territory, there's a much broader array of things you can play, including the U2-style phrasing repeats.  That being said, a digital delay is probably better for that task anyway.But it isn't fair to compare this pedal to an MXR Carbon Copy, and if you're looking for something cheap and surprisingly high-quality to provide ambiance, the Rogue will do just fine.
you can never have too many delays, so i pulled the trigger.  i was shocked at how good it sounds, not just &#34;for the money&#34; but over all.  it's won a spot on my pedalboard, and i'm picky.
I was a bit skeptical about the quality of the guitar when I was thinking about buying it, but I read all the review on it and decided to give a shot.  I figured for the price ($39.99 in late Nov 2012) that it wouldn't be a big deal if it was a crap guitar because I bought it to play around with while I visit my family in CA.  When I opened it, I was pleasantly surprised!The guitar came in great shape.  It was packed well and didn't have any damage on it.  The top fret on the fretboard has some extra glue on it, but it doesn't affect the performance of the guitar.  It came with an allen wrench to adjust the trust rod and once I lowered the action on the guitar, it was much easier to play.The sound is excellent even with the strings they provide which seem like medium weight.  Overall, I'm extremely pleased with my purchase.  It sounds as good or better as my old school ovation that cost three times as much.  The pick guard looks a bit cheap, but that's just nitpicking.If you want a cheap guitar that sounds great, I totally recommend this one.  I am extremely happy with this purchase.
Sounds pretty good. Great for the price. New to guitars, but in 24hrs. it loses tune by a whole note in a few strings.
Good string action out of the box. Nice looking full size guitar with adjustable truss rod and good sound deep tone.
I've only recently heard of Joyo pedals, and that's because Amazon.com kept recommending them to me.  I normally stick with BOSS pedals - they sound good, and they're all the same size, so they're easy to set up/maintain.  This pedal was priced very well ($32), and had nearly a 5 star rating.  I used to have a BOSS Phaser (I don't recall which number off the top of my head.)  It was a pretty complex little pedal, and sounded great, but I needed money and sold it.  When I saw this pop up in my Amazon, I got curious, did some research, and decided it would be a wise investment.  Sure enough, it was!  It's obviously simple to use, having one knob and all.  Over all, the pedal sounds great, and seems to be very well made.  Based on this experience, I'm very much interested in checking out their chorus, flanger and overdrive pedals.I highly recommend this to anyone who wants an inexpensive, simple yet well-made and great sounding phaser!
I just got this pedal so I don't know how it will hold up over a  long period of time. But on first play it pleasantly surprized me. It does give you some of the way out sounds other pedals my give, but it does provide a gradual increase in phase as you turn the one knob. Mine came with a 9 volt in it but you can also use a adapter. Useful tones at dollar store price= good deal
I'm really happy with this pedal.  Give a good phase sounds like Waylon would use.  Simple to use, one knob and it doesn't boost or reduce the signal
I bought this as i had already purchased tow other Joyo pedals just to see what the buzz was about.This phaser is perfect.  I do not use a dramatic effect, more or an EVH setting for leads.  This pedal is 99.8% sounding like the MXR.  I never give anything a 100%.  This is a a great phase pedal, great tone and a great price.  I am done thinking a good pedal must cost $200 and above.  This was like $35 and sounds awesome!
This is as much a reply to the guy who wants to hear from people who have had this for more than a week as it is a review for prospective buyers. I've used it for 8 months with no issues at all. It sounds great, it works perfectly and it was $40. As for quality control, I have several Joyo pedals, and I can say they all work perfectly and sound awesome. I've never used a Phase 90, so the "clone" factor was a moot point when I purchased the Joyo Vintage Phaser. It works, it's simple to use and I had money left over to buy more gear. I've been playing for 29 years and I highly recommend Joyo pedals. If you don't like it, get a refund. It's not rocket surgery.
A dull, inept version of a TubeScreamer. Just sounds flat and boring. Not very inspiring. At all. (Then again, I never did really like TS's).......
Really wanted to like this one, because I loved the price. There is no way this is true bypass. The one I got was defective out of the box, and so when I checked, I saw the circuitry did not support pass through.  Maybe it is because I received a defective one, but I still wouldn't try this brand name. I am now stuck saving up for a Full Tone or something.
This is a lot of overdrive goodness for not a lot of money.  Mine has the older paintjob with the monkey on it, which makes it sound infinitely better IMHO lol.  This is intended to be used with a tube amp to achieve breakup and it does that job very nicely. Those seeking brutalzz should look elsewhere.  You can't blame a chicken for not quacking properly.  It plays nicely with other pedals and can be used to boost another dirtbox for when you've reached the part of Freebird that we've all been waiting for. The build quality is decent for the price and it claims true bypass thought I haven't looked under the hood.  Regardless of whether it's 'TRUE' or 'buffered', it doesn't color my sound when it's off.  Truth be told, I kind of prefer my Behringer TO800 tonewise- more of a personal preferance in the way I prefer Pepsi to Coke but still drink both - but the TO800 pedal isn't true bypass and the build is much more flimsy on that one. I think that if you are addicted to OD/FUZZ boxes like I am you should grab one of these for your toolbox.  If you aren't a hoarder of dirtboxes but you are just looking for a very nice tubescreamer on the cheap you can't go wrong with this one.  You can handpaint the cover with an owl or whatnot and tell your cork-sniffer bandmates that you spent an arm and a leg on it.  They will be none the wiser.  I think enough of this pedal/company that I just ordered the JF-02 OCD clone and will probably grab the Octive Fuzz when my wife isn't looking - though if one more pedal comes into the house this month I may be strangled in my sleep !
30 bucks is better than 179 for the tube screamer from Ibanez and the sound is very similar based on youtube.  I use this on the clean channel of my Bugera V22 tube amp and it makes my guitars sound like they should.  Awesome with my LTD VC-401 with 59 and JB pickups.
I'm no audiophile but this thing is just as good as my BBE Green Screamer. It's perfect and I would suggest getting one before the cost goes up.
I honestly was not impressed. It looked Cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! Another Chinese copy of a tubescreamer,
I don't know if it lives up to all the hype and mystical powers of the all-mighty vintage tube screamers of Ibanez, but it is an exact clone including the same component values, potentiometers, ICs (JRC), etc.For proof that it is exactly the same, I was able to modify it for different frequency response (corner frequency), and add asymmetrical clipping with the exact same components in exactly the same spot in the circuit as seen in TS9 mods. Of course the board is layed out a little differently.The only reason I gave it 4 (really 4.5) stars was because it does produce some noticeable noise (hiss) at higher gains, but this is expected given the boosting stage acts like a high pass filter (this gives it the characteristic mid-range boost). It can be cut with the tone control, but it also may have been due to a poorly shielded amplifier, and or a one-spot power adapter.
If you need an 808 Clone on the Cheap this is your pedal. Don't be fooled though, it does not school the classic Tube Screamer but it holds its own. This was a main staple on my pedalboard until I found a great deal on a Bad Monkey and then sadly it came off. I was not looking to replace it at the time, it just happened the Bad Money did what I needed it to do better.I recommend this pedal to everyone and anyone who needs an 808 but has the budget of your average gigging musician :).Maxon 808 $150.00Ibanez TS9 $100Joyo Vintage OD $50
This is a really nice, sturdy pedal with a really warm tone. I have a Marshall MG15CFX solid state amp. This pedal sounds really good on the clean channel, but you can hear that it is not designed for a solid state dirty channel. It has given me another tool in my toolbox and basically added a 5th channel to my 4 channel Marshall. Great classic rock 70's tone! It responds really well to my pick attack. You really can't go wrong for the money.
outstanding pedal and an outstanding company to deal with (hossen). the pedal is everything i expected from it ..and a little more. Good crunch, nice light distortion when you want it, and it is not at all midrange sounding like a tube screamer. A definite improvement on a classic stompbox. Nice work Joyo and hossen for making me a happier guitarist.
Awesome pedal, I love the joyo pedals, they don't break the bank and sound awesome. Glad I bought this pedal
I wanted to add to my pedal arsenal, but I didn't have the big bucks to spend on a Tube Screamer. So, I took a chance on this little stomp-box from China.  It compares itself to the TS, right on the box, and for good reason.  They use the same chip. More importantly, the construction is solid, good looking, and takes up minimal pedal-board space.  The on-off switch seems a little chintzy, but the tone that comes out of this thing is awesome. I only found that out after replacing the dead battery that it comes with, and plugging in to a power supply (not provided with unit).  It turned my partscaster into a blues making machine. It's responds well to your technique, and you can make it so funky, you can smell it!  It truly does have true bypass, and logical controls.  I don't have A TS to make direct comparisons, but for the money, this little pedal gives me exactly the tone I want.  And I saved about 70 or 80 bucks.  Ba-Da Bing!
I ended up returning it and bought a cheaper generic model as the other one has better effect for less than half the price.  This unit is of high quality, though.
Great laser, nice big fat stars, red and green, worth the money.  Point it at the ceiling or on the wall behind me.  Great effect.
Only used it a couple times so far but I like it. I like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. As someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. But otherwise I think it's great. I like how it smells (does that make me strange?).
I tried this about 3 months ago. I use Fender 150L's and with it the longevity doubles. I play every day and gig one or two nights. They normally go dead in a week or less. I just did my 3rd weekend with the same set. I put it on when necessary on gig breaks. After practicing, I wipe down the strings first with a cloth and fretboard, then I put the Slick on. Next day, it's not so oily that it bothers me since I don't care for that oily feeling. I just ordered 2 more of these. Obviously, I think it a good product.Update about 2 years later: I won't do without these. They are part of my rig and I always have an extra at home in case it is time to change. They also last quite a long time, maybe 7 months.
Purchased this for my son who plays both Acoustic and Electric guitars. He's absolutely thrilled and loves this cleaner! Great buy, prompt shipping, great product!
Open cap, rub across strings a few times.  Basically, you're done.  If you want to take a lint free cloth and clean each string after one glide over, that works well too. Doesn't leave the strings oily or full of residue.  I will probably clean my guitar strings every time I play now!
It was great to get quality Christmas gifts that my son was pleased with. The budding musician in our home was glad to receive this item as we do not have a music store in our town. So thanks to Amazon for making this possible.
This was a precent decent product, I was able to use it to clean the strings on all my guitars and it worked well but the cloth that comes with it was really cheap so when you wipe down the strings, it starts to break down and leave a lot of lint behind and pieces of it get caught in the strings and frets.  Otherwise, besides that, the cleaner itself is great.  I just have to use another cloth to wipe it down afterwards and pick off the lint that gets caught in the strings and frets.
Is kind of good, i mean it does clean the strings and oils them a little bit, tending to sound better for more time and last longer.You just get sort of bored of forget to do it every time so I'm not sure if it was worth the purchase. But is a good product.Recommended
Using the string cleaner on a regular basis helps to prolong string life and keeps your guitar sounding bright and full. A repeat buy!
This really cleans your strings. It's fast with a couple of swipes and a lint free towel strings are clean. It comes with a little towel inside the cap but not very efficient, ok if you need it quick somewhere else. Not worth knocking it down for a little towel so I'm sticking with the 5 star!
I can't say much about this product.  I tried it twice.  It seemed like it kind of cleaned the strings, but I really didn't notice any great change.  The strings didn't sound betteer or brighter.  Now, it sits in my drawer and collects dust.  Maybe I will try it again at some point, but....
The Fender slick string cleaner works great when it is brand new. The great part about it is the design. The fact that it is wide enough to run along all six strings is a definite plus. The things I don't like about it is the top does not close tight enough and can come off during any kind of travel. Once the top is off or just not closed properly, the pad dries out and then it is useless. Also, the little cloth that comes with it is almost impossible to fit back inside the container once you have opened it. As stated it was really good at cleaning and was easy to use but I was only able to use it once because the top came off and it dried out. Unfortunately because of that I would not recommend this item. Go with the Fast Fret.
I agree with the others - I've been using Fast Fret for over 20 years (and Finger Ease spray for over 40), but I believe Slick is a better product.  I give it just 4 stars, though, due to its design. The wiping cloth that comes with Slick is meant to fit in a small plastic ziplock bag inside the cap, but it's difficult to get the cloth back inside the small bag, and it's bulky inside the cap, making it a little difficult to close with the cloth inside the cap. It would be easier to close if the cap side was deeper; the way it's designed now, the cap and the applicator are equally sized, when they needn't be. That's a small gripe, though - if I could give it 4-1/2 stars (with half a star off for the design), I would - it's great stuff.
Easy to use.  Wide enough to cover all six strings in one pass.  Little to no excess residue.  Handy to use package, pull the cover off, swipe the strings, put the cover back on.  I have not noticed any effect on the tone quality or sustain of my strings.
This is the best string cleaner I have owned to date and I have owned about all of the rest. The way it is packaged makes it super easy to pop the lid and apply it. The casing is tough enough to be thrown into my gig bag and carried all over without the lid coming off or the case breaking. The 'other' string cleaner that is a bottle with cloth applicator spills out and the cloth wears out too fast - then leaves cloth pieces on the strings. This product does not waste the cleaning agent - it applies evenly and there is NO cloth residue left on the strings to pick off. The cleaning agency works so well - it looks like I have cleaned a BBQ grill when I wipe my strings down. Amazing how dirty the strings get after just a few hours of play - this product will get that gunk off. I am done looking for a better string cleaner because this product has the best cleaner in the best packaging for travel. Well done Fender!
I've tried a lot of delay pedals and this delay is easy to use- the sound is clean and crisp - easy to dial in-
I've gotten a number of these Joyo and Artec pedals now, most from Earth City Sound(TX, mostly on eBay these days) though I recommend this seller on prompt delivery but don't happen to know much about them otherwise.I got this one on a whim just to have a second delay. I've had the DigiTech X-Series multi-delay for many years. The fun thing this Joyo does besides standard adjustable delay is that it makes crazy UFO, sci-fi-ish sounds. All one has to do is get a note or feed back going and simply experiment with noise by tweaking the knobs. Guitarists who are fans of Yo La Tengo and similar groups, spacey stuff will dig this box. Solid hardware, side mount ac power. Goofy graphics of an eagle though I imagine by now they've updated it's look.
50+ years giggingowned it all 4 or 5 times :)wanted a cheap delay pedal to go into the fx loop of a newly purchased blackstar ht 5c r.since i've purchased several joyo pedals in the last year i looked for a joyo digital delay.it works perfectly, doesnt color the sound, silent switching and the knobs give all the control you'd ever need. it's well built and i expect it to last longer than me :)i highly reccomend this delay pedal.
I bought this not for the tuner, but because I needed a metronome.However, I had to give the tuner a try as well. With my trustySnark SN-1 Tunerattached to my guitar's headstock and this Snark SN-4 on the table, I proceeded to tune my guitar. I was impressed that both tuners were showing identical tuning even down to the fluctuations as the note rang out.As a metronome, I don't know what kind of frills others may offer but this does everything I need to keep in time.I only have one minor complaint. You can't view the Snark SN-4 at any kind of sharp angle. You need to view it head on. If you place it on your music sheet stand, that's great. But if it's not facing you, or lying flat on a desk, you may have trouble reading the screen. An integrated flip out kick-stand would make this perfect.
I have Snark uke and guitar head mounted tuners, see my reviews.  When I use my music stand, I just want something in front of me that does not need mounting that also does a great job.  This is that device.I leave it on my stand, and can hit the silver front mounted button with one finger, and it's on, and I can play my ukulele and it will register and provide the same clear electronic dial and acurate tuning of the Snark head tuners.  In addition, this one has a metronome.  I like this very much, and may well buy another.Enjoy!
This product has a quiet metronome; in a playing environment, it won't be easy to hear. The tuner works on a mic, and that too will be easily overwhelmed in a social environment.That said, it's lovely to see the strings "true in." Makes even first tune-up easy. This accuracy will greatly help to tune the student's ear, making "by-ear" tuning possible sooner.Pretty nice. Hate the color.  Oh well.
The tuner doesn't require you to hear either it or the guitar or bass to tune it, so it will work pretty well in a noisy/social environment. Overall, works just fine.
does what i wanted it to do and what they said it would do. works well with my stuff. recommend
I love the way this tuner works, with a bright screen and easy to use controls. The metronome feature is also a nice addition. It's a bit lightweight, making it seem like it wont last very long if even dropped once, but it hit the floor many times on me already and it's still going strong :-) This is a great tuner at an even better price, try it out and see for yourself!
its ok for a bedroom amp its has a weird buzz that goes away when you touch any thing metal on the guitar even if the vol is all the way down and no its not the guitar i have plug it into other amps and no buzzing and it really dont like florescent lights im thinking about sending it back
This is my first amp, which I am using with my new Applause AE148-RRB Acoustic Electric Guitar (also purchased from Amazon).  The guitar sounds great when hooked up to this amp.  My only complaint is that as a first time amp owner/user I needed a bit more help on how to adjust the settings and this product came with NO paperwork at all.  Not sure if that is normal or if it was just omitted from the unit I received.  I downloaded the users manual from the Pyle website but it was also not much help.  But just by trying different settings I have managed to find what, for me, is the &#34;sweet spot&#34; for my guitar when paired with this amp.  Very happy with the amp and also happy that I spent the extra few dollars to get the 60 amp rather than the 30 amp version.
The cable arrived on time and the it looked nice for ten minutes. I don"t like how the tips screw on and off and the fabric shielding slid out of place the first time I used it. The cable worked well for about two weeks but then it lost current in the middle of a session and I lost sound. This cable is complete garbage. Never again!
Cable would be O.K. If the end connections would stay screwed together. Maybe some lock tight would help. These connectors worry me.
I was a bit skeptical at first to purchase this. But its a nice cable! No noise or hum whatsoever!
I don't do heavy gigging just home studio play but I have had no issues with quality or sound.  It looks cool and sounds just fine and clear.  I like the metal connecters, they are easy to plug in and pull out at have a nice heft.It is not a super high quality cord but it does an excellent job for the price.  I will be buying these again.
The product was exactly what was advertised and completely filled the Job it was intended for. service was more than expected
Only reason i gave it four stars is it is advertised to lean back and mine does not. but it sounds great as ampeg always has, heavy duty built perfect for house jamming and practice amp.
For those looking for a solid, well made bass amp to step up to from the cheapies that usually come with beginner bass set ups, this is a hard one to beat. It has 25 watts, a line out for outputting to a PA system or bass cabinet, and an effects loop for adding effects pedals. The design is solid, well made and will go the distance. This is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and I beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it....it took it well. Highly recommended!
I was really looking forward to receiving this amp. I read the positive reviews and the Ampeg name carries some weight. Unfortunately, from the moment I plugged it in there was this phaser-like effect to the sound. I tried different basses with it. I tried different cables with it. I tried using it in different places, away from computers and fluorescent lights. I tried all different combinations of all of those things and still the spacey phase-shifter sound came out. I tried all different knob and EQ settings as well. Nothing helped. So, I'm returning it and hoping I just got a bad egg and that the next one will be better. I used to work for an amp manufacturer so I know these things happen and I don't think less of Ampeg, (at least not yet).I really hope it's a better amp because the amp itself looks wonderful. For $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a CD in, a Line out for hooking up to a PA and a headphone out for quiet practice. It also just looks cool and very pro. My intention is to use this for a monthly "bistro" gig where the volume is low and the area is pretty small, so this seems absolutely perfect if I get one that performs like all the other reviews I see here.I have to say, buying from Amazon is the ONLY way to buy these things online. They immediately started the process of shipping me a new one as soon as I filled out the return UPS label. If there is a choice between Amazon.com and other vendors, and even if Amazon is a couple bucks more, I recommend using Amazon. The customer service is so easy and immediate it's worth the piece of mind.I'll update this review when I get the new amp later this week.I upgraded my review based on the replacement I received...see below...
***Update*** After heavy play for 6 months, this is my favorite amp by a mile. I also have a ZT Lunchbox that I use for church work (miles of clean headroom and designed specifically for pedals). The Mustang III would work just fine, but I can throw the ZT in a backpack with my pedals (I only use an OD, chorus and reverb for church) and it has a lot more volume of I do youth group stuff outside and can't mic up.I have several friends that play music as a primary source of income and 3 of them purchased the Mustang for it's overall lightweight, terrific sound and low price. Played on the clean channels (settings 88-99) with pedals will give you an amazing tone that lets you forget it's not a tube amp - and for the most part, the crowd is clueless to begin with. I did purchase the VOX AC4 and it was so one dimensional and limited it went right back. Terrific for gigs or practice, a back up or just beginning guitar.So this is the 3rd amp I've purchased in a very short amount of time. I traded in my Line 6 and also purchased a Roland Micro Cube. Chalk it up to a new guitar player and a whole world of amplifiers from every price range and style. I bought the Line 6 becuase it had a lot of features and presets that I thought would be really fun. They are, but Line 6 is for metal, despite "You can play anything on it" marketing. Turns out I really enjoy playing country and blues (although I listen to punk, classic rock and metal (pre-1995).Enter the Mustang III. It also is feature loaded, but with one kicker. The models of the vintage Fender amps. I have a very close friend that plays a 65' Twin Reverb - he was shocked at the modeling. The Bassman is another that is just off the charts good. The LCD screen is bigger and overall very simple to use. The Vox model is also really jangly sounding - like it's supposed to. I have to add that with Vox in particular, you can get the crunch without having to use massive volume. This is true of modeling amps across the board and a huge advantage over tubes in general. For $300 you can get a Vox w/ an overdrive, delay and reverb. And you can get the full effect with the volume dialed to 3, not 11. It doesn't sound exactly like a Vox - but I don't gig. I'm a basement rockstar - the Mustang gets it done without any problems.Adding virtual effect pedals and saving the settings are easy and intuitive. That's without the FUSE software. I'm not big into recording, so I'm content using it from the  LCD, but the Fuse software is slick. The virtual pedal board is probably my favorite part of the amp. The screen is easy to navigate and you can see exactly what effects you're using where they are set at.The only reason I've given it 4 stars is beacuse is lacks low end punch and more importantly doesn't quite have the warmth of a tube amp. To be clear - tube amps sound like tube amps. If you are a metal guy on a solid state budget, Line 6 is still the way to go. If you're more into the old school r'n'r sounds, take a look at the Mustang III. Excellent sounds and value.
I can't say enough good about this amp. I have a Marshall jcm 800 2203 which is a great tube amp, but side by side this little amp really stacks up. First and foremost if you want a tube amp sound go buy a tube amp. But if you want something that is 90% close, well this is it. So versatile, light weight, and well constructed. Great Fender quality for a great price. Love all the presets. I have no problem with buzzing on any channel, clean or otherwise. Excellent guitar amp and I would highly recommend!!!!!! Love it!!!!!!
I gave it five stars! I purchased this for my young son but I find myself drawn to it because of all the really great things this amp does.  I wanted something flexible and decided to buy the Mustang III over the II because of the power and the larger speaker.I've read the reviews here and they pretty much sum up what I think about the amp. It sounds great and it has loads of power.  Since it's solid-state, it falls apart a bit when pushed really hard and lacks a little at the bottom end, but for this price?!? Wow! I have no complaints.One thing most have failed to mention is the non-amp features like the input for an MP3 player and the Fuse software that comes with the amp for customizing tones, creating jam tracks and setting up the amp to suit his tastes. Both Mac and Windows are supported. My son is a newer guitarist and has used these things extensively. Since he's 11, he doesn't have many opportunities to play with others. He can create jam/click tracks and play along. We also downloaded new firmware from Fender and used the software to eliminate a fizz issue that existed in earlier versions.People who own this amp can create their own tones and tracks, then upload them to Fender's user web site. We watched a David Gilmour concert and he was inspired. He wanted a tone that sounded like his. We downloaded a few Pink Floyd tones created by other people.  One of them was particularly great. We tweaked the delay settings a bit and saved it.  He loves it.Great amp. I can't compare to Line 6 but I can compare it to other amps I've heard. It's pretty nice.  Equally nice is the fact he can experiment with tones without spending a pile of $$$ on FX.
ConstructionThis Amp certainly looks sharp. It is not nearly as heavy as I would expect a 100W amp to be, but seems well put together.ControlsThe III comes with a 2 button Foot Pedal which feels very solid and works perfectly. (You can expand to add an optional 4 button switch that Fender sells separately and also includes in the IV and V.)On the amp, you have separate EQ knobs (Treble, Mids and Low) you have a gain, a volume, a Master Volume and a Reverb. Along with these, you also have an LCD screen that tells you which amp model you are using with witch pedals, presets, delays and reverbs. You also have separate buttons for changing Amp models, reverb, delays and modulation effects. The large knob on the top actually scrolls through presets, and once you press it, you can go into deep editing of the amp models, effects and presets.The controls are intuitive and easy to use. It is a great mix of visual digital feedback as well as tactile knobs.Comparing to other amps:The Fender GDEC 3 does not have as much deep editing available on the amp itself. You need to use your computer to edit and download settings properly. But on the Mustang III, you do not feel that you are missing out on editing functionality by not keeping it plugged into a computer.I don't know of another amp that has controls that are both as intuitive and as powerful.The Sound (Most important)Let me first compare this amp to what Line 6, Vox, and Peavy have offered in the past. All of the companies that have gone heavy into the amp modeling offer endless numbers of sounds and effects... BUT... How many of those sounds are useful for guitarists who are learning and trying to create sounds based on music that has inspired them? Line 6 offers tons of sounds... most of them are what I would call "niche" sounds that are only useful when recording a weird intro, or some crazy effects laden sound. What I find with Line 6 is that their vintage tones are very digital sounding and sound over processed. They don't sound overdriven, they just sound distorted. Also, Line 6 offers oodles of sounds for progressive rock, metal, and maybe even some weird jazz fusion. These sounds are unique and interesting, but the vast majority are of no use to someone like me who is learning to play the songs that I love and looking for useful rock, blues, and metal tones.What I can say about the Mustang III is that the tones do not sound digital or overly processed. The Vintage amps have some great overdriven types of sounds. These are very passable sounds and fantastic models of the Real Thing. You can find the actual base amp models in memory banks 88-99. By playing these sounds you get a real feel of what you can do to the amps. A few of the sounds that are simply amazing to me are:'57 Champ This amp model sounds so convincingly cool just like a little 8 inch Champ. Tons of character and tone. You can get some really cool vintage type blues sounds through this amp model. Think the Jimi Blues cd. The presets that use this amp that Fender created are all really fun and sound amazing.Fender Bassman Wow! You can get some great bold rock sounds out of this amp model. It has the recognizable tone of the Bassman modeled really well. Big Bold bottom end with some singing highs.'65 Deluxe is a fantastic all purpose amp model. Throw an overdrive pedal on there and play some great classic rock/blues. Or leave it alone for a beautiful clean tone.The British Amps are all good models of Vox and Marshall type amps. They are all bold and in your face. Just play one ACDC riff into the 70's amp and you'll recognize the sound.As far as the Vintage tones go...I dare you to find anything that models vintage tones this well anywhere. If you play rock, blues, Country, hard rock or Jazz, you have so many great choices. People who play in churches will love the variety of clean tones for your lighter stuff and good overdriven rock tones for faster paced songs.What surprises me is that Fender has strongly marketed this amp for people who play heavy music. I was worried that the heavier amp models would not be nearly as good.I was wrong. The 90's stack can get nice and grungy or crunchy as you like it. I'm pretty sure that this is a Mesa Boogie type of model. This is certainly your Metallica amp.The 2000 metal is for all of your nu metal needs and can be pulled back a little to play some cool thrash sounds too.The BIG bonus for heavy guitarists in my opinion though is the SuperSonic. This amp has a lot of great character and you can make it bluesy or really make it heavy and bold to play metal, thrash or whatever. If you overdrive it with a built in pedal, you can get some great raw and heavy tones out of this. I play some metal and hard rock as well as the classic and blues stuff that I like. I personally will play all of my heavy stuff on this SuperSonic amp.The fact that you can take any of these basic amps and layer effects and pedals on them gives you absolutely infinite combinations of tones. You can have one guy who sets all 100 presets with vintage tones, and another guy who has all of the presets filled with metal and thrash. It is limitless.I would, without a doubt choose this amp over ANY modeling amp out there for practice and fun.I own a pimped out MIM Strat, and a off-the-rack Classic Vibe Strat and Tele as well as a Les Paul style guitar. They ALL sound very cool on this amp. The Classic Vibe 60's Strat really impresses me through this amp. So versatile with so many great sounds and such a high quality sound. I am really loving it!This amp can play really really loud with it's 100 Watts, but you can also play it with great tone at very low volumes. (I have 4 kids and practice at night, and this amp is perfect.)Fender Fuse and Ableton SoftwareI have to admit that I really don't feel a lot of need to dive too much deeper into sound editing than what I can do manually on the amp. However, You'll find amazing tones all over the Fender Fuse. The system is super easy to use and store on your amp. As with any open online forum, you will have to wade through tones that you don't love and aren't described well. But you will find some gems too.I have not had time to dive into the ableton recording software yet, so I will have to save that review for later.The FINAL WORDI am a Father of 4 who needs an amp that sounds great at low volumes. I like Vintage tones as much as Heavy stuff, so I like a variety of tones. I hate overprocessed guitar tones. This amp is perfect for me. Perfect. The amp models are great, and the factory installed presets are a great variety of usable sounds. It comes with a built in tuner, tap tempo effects, a two button footswitch, an effects loop, a digital interface, deep editing computer software, a headphone jack, a usb port, recording software, and moreAt $299 This amp costs less than effects pedals that friends of mine have purchased. I have a $300 strat that I love that sounds beautiful through it. After buying it, I have listed a Tube amp and several effects pedals that I have loved because I no longer will play it.There is no better modeling amp for my needs!
A cheap guitar at best..no bite to it at all..does not get me excited..learned religoulsy on an acoustic so was excited when i got this cheap from gc for less then 100..low e doesnt stay in tune well pickups suck hard to play being its a jr and just awkward (which is my fault) do love the color and look of it..but thats not what guitars are for right..itll serve its purpose until i can afford a Real American Strat..not great at all..but passable Id return it if i could.
i got it ,i played for a very while and i just got shocked with a great sound, great finished guitar and for the price definitely was a Great Deal!!! i play rock n roll, i'm 34,been on the road for a while playin' and i can recommended for sure!!!
Pretty decent sound, and it's not too small for an adult to play, but having no pickup on the left hand side severely limits the warm, jazzy tones you can get. Still very satisfied.
I just thought I would throw in another 5 star review which is based on the cost vs quality factor. I have several guitars, and always thought Epiphone to be an inferior guitar. Well I was dead wrong. It may not have the price tag of my "better" guitars, but it sure has the playability and sound. Especially for the $100 tag on it. Great for beginners or a seasoned player to add to his collection. The simple, yet killer sound of the single humbucker is hard to beat. I will not shy away from Epiphone anymore. Don't make the mistake of not picking up this guitar only because it's not stamped Gibson.
The instructions could be written much better but I really like having one of these, in fact, I'll probably get a second one to tie to the first one so I can include more instruments.I guarantee, if you get one of these, you'll have a hard time leaving it alone. You can even work it into your live performances.
I play bass,...and have for 40 years.  One thing I've come to like a lot about playing music on my instrument is the development of various kinds of sound effects, effects pedals, etc.  Laying down a 'track' or musical run of notes, then building another one over the top of that, and then another, and another once was only able to be done in a studio.  Now, with my Boss RC-3, I can do it any time I want.  In rehearsal it is absolutely wonderful... I can get a couple of rhythm lines going, then have the ability to begin developing a bass lead line to suit,...or play along to develop my 'chops',...whatever is warranted.  This pedal, like other Boss pedals I've purchased, is made to last longer than you (kind of kidding), the electronics have been engineered with nothing but precision and control, and the pedal will do all the manual says it will.  Best bet, watch a few YouTube videos showing its use by a number of musicians.  That helps you understand a lot,...then like me you can buy one and it will bring you playing pleasure for certain.
The Boss RC-3 Loop Pedal is great for playing guitar in a band, or with friends, but also a big help practicing. It comes with 10 pre-set rhythm tracks but the real fun is laying down your own chord sequences with your guitar and then being able to play lead guitar over that rhythm loop with just a quick stomp on the pedal. It makes practicing etc. a lot of fun and meaningful. I haven't figured out all the possibilities yet - and probably never will - but it is a cool pedal to have. Like all Boss pedals, it's as sturdy as a little truck.
I've read some complaints about this unit.  Maybe those folksshould shell out an additional $300 for something better.To the rest of you, with the 99 storage units, this is a great tool.My band, I to be exact, uses this to store backing tracks for songswe play.  For instance, one of our songs has a difficult drum track.I just loaded the whole pre-recorded track into a slot.Or, one of our songs has a train whistle in the background.  I loadedthe effect into a slot.Or, another song we do needs birds tweeting and children laughingand playing in the background.  I recorded the track and loaded it intoa slot.Basically any instrument or sound effect accompaniment you need, butdon't have someone else to play it, you can play it back using this device.
Another great Roland product.  Really easy to use and well built .... very good sound.  great for practice.  Certainly do not get the RC 2  ... get this RC 3 model for the memory banks and ability to store the banks later...I did think of getting the larger ones but those are just way to big... Check for sales or demos
I use this every now and then, it does seem to suck tone, but it does reduce noise, though I actually stopped using it and didn't hear much difference! with distortion and reverb, things can get a little noisy in there, but the original tone with everything set up is worth it unaltered. but I will keep this as it will come in handy one day I'm sure.
I received this as a gift for a smaller pedalboard I was assembling - my plan was to try something different to compare against the Boss NS-2 Noise Suppressor on my other board.  While I love the build quality and simplicity of the one-knob setup, I can't say (yet) that I like it better than my NS-2.  With the caveat that I may not have it wired up 100% correctly, I felt that it did kill most of the excess noise, but not all of it.  Good product, but maybe not the best of all the options at the same price.  Will update this post after I play around with different arrangements and get more experience with it.
First off, I'd like to address any construction concerns.  The nanoKontrol2 is actually sturdier than I imagined it would be, despite some of the reviews here.  The case is rigid plastic, as are the rotary knobs and faders, and everything seems pretty solid (I like the travel feel in the faders - not a lot of resistance, but not flimsy-feeling either). The buttons are soft, dense rubber, like a pad controller, and light up when they are pressed. If you have big hands, then you might have issues with using this as a live performance controller since everything is in such a compact space.The supplied mini USB cable fits nice and snug.Bottom line, if you take reasonable care with this unit, it seems like it should give you a lot of dependable service.I tried this right out of the box with Reason 7 - there is no built-in Reason template for it, but it was recognized by Reason when I did a controller surface scan, and it was a piece of cake to map the top knobs to pan controls and the faders to volume faders and the solo and mute buttons to their counterparts on the Reason mixer. Basically, I just bought this to do crossfades, and the nanoKontrol2 will be perfect for that, but I can also see using this to automate some softsynth parameters just as easily.Next, I set this up to control Peff's Directre Rack Extension, and it's a blast!The transport buttons did correctly automap to Reason's transport controls, so you can record, play, stop, fast forward and reverse from the nanoKontrol2.I didn't download the nanoKontrol2 editor yet, but that should increase the utility of this device.If the "S", "M" and "R" buttons lit up in different colors (all lights are red), it would make this unit more useful as a performance controller in my opinion, but as it stands, this budget mixer/performance control surface is well worth $50!
After a little bit of configuration headaches I can confirm this product works quite well with ardour2 and is my prefered method of mixing. For the price it's a really good deal.
Windows 7 install worked fine.I use Mixcraft Pro 6 and it's working well.I did have an issue with the drivers, since I had too many midi devices, but the fix wasn't too hard.
Great product for the price!I am using it with Win7 64bit & Sonar XL Producer.I just held down the "set-marker" & "record" button while plugging the usb cable.I then let Windows 7 Plug & Play the Drivers (No Disk Needed).Next I set Sonar XL Midi Control Surface device as MACKIE & selected the nanoKontrol2 as the Control -Midi in and out.Now I have 8 channels of automation & stop, back, record, play etc.I am very happy with this product so far.I have to give it 5 stars on the price to performance ratio.READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!I do not recomend downloading the KORG software if used for SONAR XL.Buttons and sliders and great for the price.Cheers
TC is very overrated.Many pedals I have out performs this in my opinion.  The vintage BBDs (MXR Vintage DElay, Morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  But for newer pedals I liked the MXR Carbon Copy and Ibanex DE 7 much better.
This is by far the best delay effects box I've ever used and it has so much potential that it'll take you hours to get through ever possible sound this baby offers.  It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end.  It is built like a tank and doesn't take up much space on your pedal board making this overall a very user-friendly pedal.  Wish all pedals were built this way.  Highly recommended!
It's an excellent pedal well designed, perfect size,incredible quality, if you are looking for a U2 delay's stile it is perfect for you...
This pedal is a great delay pedal. works well with my marshall,Has a lot of feautures and is very versitale....
I have been through a few delay pedals trying to get the sound I want.1) Boss digital delay: I really didn't like the sound of the delay overall. No real positives to mention2) Carbon copy analog delay : Worked great for cleans. But totally muddied up my lead distortion tone (even though it was in my fx loop). I couldn't get the repeats to duck under the main signal3) Nova Delay : I really wanted to like this. Presets, tap tempo and a nice feature set. But the sound just lacked warmth. It was very digital soundingAt this point I wasn't sure what I wanted. Analog delays were warm sounding but too mushy. Digital delays were clear sounding but.. just too digital and uninspiring!I was debating springing an insane amount of money on the strymon timeline, when I found this pedal. Analog dry signal thru with digital delay !! This is what the magic sauce is in my opinion. Now my signal has the nice separation of the digital delay and my underlying tone is preserved. Set it to the 2290 type delay and its perfect. Sure, it doesn't have the presets and what not but for a good sounding delay, this can't be beat at this price range.Sure enough, when I checked the strymon timeline specs, I found out that it too has the analog dry through with digital delay. Just that its delays may be modeled better and it has a rich feature set. But $450+ for a delay pedal is just too much for me.Buy this if you are chasing tone, you won't be disappointed. Skip if looking for presets, tap tempo etc.
Smart design, excellent performance.  What more could you want?  The Samson Meteor Mic USB Studio Microphone is a cardioid mic that is easy to set up and use, with great pick up for desktop podcasts, user testing, screencasting and similar.Being a relatively new user to anything but a basic desk mic, I had to look up what 'cardioid' meant.  I found a solid explanation at a site called WiseGeek.  They explain 'cardioid':  "Several different microphones have been designed throughout the years to accomplish very different tasks. Some -- such as condenser microphones -- pick up a great deal of sound from several directions, while others pick up one focused sound only from one direction. Of this latter group, the cardioid microphone is perhaps the most popular, as it picks up almost exclusively the desired sound while ambient noise is hardly noticeable. It gets its name because of its pattern of sensitivity, which is roughly shaped like a heart when drawn out on an axis. This means that most of the sound it picks up comes from the front of the microphone, while minimal noise is picked up from the rear and only marginal noise is picked up from the sides."  (My apologies to those pros out there who didn't need this clarification.)Having used the Samson Go Mic USB Compact Mic for a few months, I was familiar with the Samson brand prior to receiving this mic through the Amazon Vine program.  I had actually wanted to purchase it instead of the Go Mic, but the price difference of about thirty was a bit too much for me at the time.I've been happy with theSamson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone - Plug n' Playfor use with my desktop and laptop PCs.  I do a lot of usability testing for various websites, and it's imperative that clients are able to clearly hear my explanations via voice without background noise, pops, hisses or similar.  I have to say that the Samson Meteor is a touch better, offering clear, crisp recording and reproduction.  It also seems to pick up virtually no background noise, which is fabulous!I like the retro styling of the Meteor, and the built-in stand is great for desktops.  Less portable than the Samson Go Mic, the stand does fold neatly onto the mic for easy transport in the included soft pouch.  The included USB cable is also of ample length for easy set-up in a multitude of situations.The mute button on the front of the Meteor is very handy.  Much easier than using software to get the job done, and an amber light makes it easy to recognize it's muted.The build quality of the mic is excellent! Very solid, high-end feel.  You can use the integrated headset port to monitor your voice and adjust levels with a dial that rotates around the mute button on the front.The Samson Meteor didn't ship with any software, which while unnecessary for installation (my Windows 7 and 8 PCs automatically installed it when hooked up via the included USB), but would have been nice to have some music mixing or other similar software bundled with it.Another product I'm reviewing the:Samson C01UCW Studio USB Mic with Cakewalk Sonar LEand the Samson Go Mic both ship with Cakewalk software. The Samson Go Mic with Cakewalk Music Creator LE, and the C01UCW ships with Cakewalk's SONAR LE software, so I found it kind of surprising the Meteor did not at this price point.  For me it works out, as the others have the software and they work with the Meteor.The included booklet includes a Quick Start guide for PC and Mac, Installation how-to, the Layout (diagrams), Specifications, Polar Patten & Frequency response, and Recording Techniques for vocals, acoustic guitar, piano, guitar amp, and overhead drum kit.  The Samson Meteor Mic Warranty Card is also in the booklet.Overall, I'm very pleased with this microphone and will be using it instead of the Go Mic on my desktop for daily work which will include using Dragon voice recognition software.  I have purchased an adapter to use it with my iPad so I can play with Garage Band, and know it will be great for future screencasts.My only disappointment is in the lack of an included software package, which other Samson products (as mentioned) have packaged with them. I give this product 4 out of 5 stars ("I Like It") for this reason.  If Samson included software - it'd be a 5 star product for me.
Perhaps more than anything else, it was the introduction and subsequent success of the Zoom H2 personal digital recorder that led to an explosion of interest among home audiophiles, who suddenly found themselves equipped to make quasi-professional-level recordings with their computers plus a minimum of user-friendly equipment at reasonable prices.  The price of the Samson Meteor USB mic, a fairly recent entry, has come down to the point of being fairly valued (initially, I was seeing it going for prices above the better-sounding Blue Yeti mic).  It's an attractive (some would say "cute") little mic with its quaint "retro" design and deceptively fold-up, portable size.  I say "deceptive" because, due to the non-adjustable mic stand, it can be more than a little challenging to find space for it on a desktop, next to a computer, and squarely in front of the narrator's mouth.Bearing in mind the above reservation along with the actual quality of the recorded sound (it's good, but nowhere close to studio-quality), it would seem to make the most sense for those seeking "high fidelity" audio to spend the extra 20% for a Blue Yeti or an Audio Technica AT2020 USB (as tempting as the lower price of the non-USB version of the AT2020 is, be sure to try it out with a pre-amp supplying phantom power before going that route.  I've known a couple of individuals who ordered the AT2020 condenser mic, only to discover that it was useless with a computer, even with the addition of a Snake Light cable).If your primary considerations are convenience and portability, the Samson Go mic sounds almost as good as the Meteor and is unmatched in size, convenience and portability.  (It scored higher than the Blue Mikey and Blue Snowflake in my auditions.)  I'm tempted to say it's the perfect laptop mic, clipping to the top cover more securely than the Snowflake, whereas the Yeti is ideal for desktop use, producing rich-sounding recordings rivaling those of a professional studio's Shure SM7B mics.
I like everything about this mike, except one: No gain adjustment on the mike. You have to do it from the software. That was a big disappointment, because I had imagined that the knob on the mike was a gain adjustment.Of course, if you are just recording talk for podcasts, you probably won't care. But if you are recording instruments (particularly loud instruments), you might really want to have gain control as software gain adjustment is not convenient and is actually absent from quite a few recording apps.
This bag includes several different thicknesses of picks so you can see which fits your playing style best, and the varied colors means the more vain of us can color coordinate our pick and instrument.
It was nice to have many types as I had no idea the thickness I would like. It also helped my boyfriend decide also.
Exactly what it says it is, comes fast in an envelope. Hard to mess up a pack of plastic triangles though. Design looks great in the light too.
I bought a bag of these various picks just to throw around our practice studio. Most of the band members don't mind them. Its great to have picks lying all over the place so you can grab one during takes. Recommended.
I got this cable to run to my electronic drum set at the other end of the studio as a previous cable failed on me.  The balanced lead works well and the cable is very quiet.  Construction features too well soldered TRS 1/4&#34; male connections and the only downside I can complain about is the lack of strain relief...but nothing major and the cables work fine none the less.
A little disappointed with the cable.  Pretty light weight.  Don't know why it didn't work, just shorted out.  Luckily one of the band members had another one.  Wouldn't trust it again, so I returned them.
I keep one with my guitar and one at home and never had a fall. Its small enough to keep in my guitar case and cheap enough to replace if it gets lost. What more could you want?
I wanted something to keep my guitars from falling after I change guitars. I bought this because it looked pretty good and it was cheap. It has served it's purpose and I use it nearly everyday. Very happy with purchase!
Just skimming through the other reviews, I see that at least one other reviewer has complained about the same thing. Nearly every time you pick up your guitar, the rest will fall off your desk. The part that sits on the desk should've been weighted to prevent this from happening. It's a nice idea and does what it says - it keeps your guitar nice and safe from scuffs when leaned up against your desk.But considering this one REALLY annoying flaw, I wonder if I shouldn't have just payed a couple more bucks for another guitar stand instead of this rest.
Another excellent gadget from Planet Waves. What a great idea. Already has made my life easier. Keep a pile of Jazz IIIs in the concave pocket (shallow depression for holding stuff). I don't own any very expensive guitars, so I'm not concerned about resting their bodies on my carpet. The guitar rest simply makes your guitar more accessible, and that means... you're more apt to grab your axe and play more.When un-weighted by the guitar neck, the Rest itself is rather light and can move around easily. No big deal at all.*****************************EDIT: Just purchased another one -- an axe close at hand is an axe you will play. That's been my experience. After living with this for a few days one thing has become an annoyance: when there's no guitar holding it to the table, it's very easy to knock it off the desk. The way it is designed is such that the leverage has a see-saw effect that will have it fly a few feet across the room. Because it sticks out horizontally, just a nudge with a knee and there it goes. So if you have picks or anything sitting in the round holder area, it can be an annoyance.I do use these for my guitars, but I feel much more comfortable using a proper stand. The product is worthwhile for a quick location for setting down your axe without searching for a stand.If the product had a way of either using suction or tab to secure itself to a surface it would earn another star.
This is a pretty cool product. I have mine next to my computer, because I am constantly waiting on video to render, and I am constantly picking up my guitar and putting it back down; this is nice to have instead of reaching all the way to the guitar stand. It is also good to have when I am using Garage Band, and need to set the guitar down for a second. If you have a plastic chair sheet on the floor or slick vinyl flooring it won't work, the guitar wobbles and falls out; but it works great on carpet. The pick bucket is a nice touch, keeps picks from scattering all over my desk. The rubber is very grippy to my wood desk, and never moves. I would recommend this.
I bought this for my husband so he can use it around the home ( he has guitars everywhere). I am not sure he would trust it at a gig and he still uses his guitar stand for that purpose - only because it makes sense to use the most robust guitar stand you can when supporting guitars worth hundreds of dollars.  It is pretty good at staying in place though
Genius idea that I wish I thought of first. I actually super glued mine to my work desk to make it permanent, but it has plenty of grip all by itself to securely hold your guitar in place. I would definitely recommend!
I've had this thing for several weeks, and just now, when it fell off the table for the 100th time, I tossed it in the trash.  The whole thing is one piece of soft floppy rubber, it's not stiff enough for the part that cradles the guitar neck, and it's not heavy enough to stay put.  Even the force from the guitar neck makes it topple over.  Unless you glue this thing to the table, or something like that, it's useless, even worse than useless, it's in the way.Addendum:  I raised the rating a bit, after hearing from the distributor/manufacturer ... at least these guys listen.
I never use it so I really only wasted my money. I have rather high end guitars so placing any of them other than very securely is not a good way to go..
This was a Christmas gift from my husband.  It is such cool and easy rest for the guitar.  I took it with me to our bi weekly jam and the other musicians were considering buying some for themselves.
I think this guitar rest is pretty nice. It doesn't attach on the table very good though so  don't rely on this thing too much.
This simple rubber device works great on flat edged tables.  Table tops with a routed curved edge reduce how rubber is in contact with the table, which will effect how well it stays put.  Other then that I like it and purcheased a second one.  It is very inexpensive compared to guitar repairs.  There is also one available that looks like a guitar.
A great idea, but pure crap in terms of functionality.  if you don't have something heavy on the flat end, the rubber piece moves, and before you know it, your axe is on the ground.  I saw some pictures of putting a 12 ounce can on the flat part as a counterweight, but I'm not so hot with that idea, especially if the can is open.  The lip need to extend down longer, and *something* needs to be done on the bottom of the flat portion to stop this gadget from moving around.  If I had a permanent place to mount this, I'd gorilla glue it down, but that then defeats the beauty of this being mobile and I'll get an extra guitar stand instead.  Good idea, but it doesn't work.
Those of us who have leaned their guitars against the front of our amps over the years, this is a handy tool that gives a little more security for our guitars.
I just can't trust it! I thought it'd be a good idea if I needed to prop my guitar up against the amp for a minute....but I just can't get myself to do it. I always end up using a little Fender portable stand. It does make a nice coaster for placing a beer on my amp.
This product is worth having if, like me, you find yourself needing a place to quickly "park" your guitar without putting it back in the guitar stand. I use it on a desk next to my chair and music stand. Works great -- only suggestion I have it to perhaps make a version with a sticky tape underside, or a way of semi-permanently attaching it the spot where you want it so it doesn't move around. I wound up using a very small wood screw to attach it to my desk so it stays fixed. Overall -- I like it.
This is a great value for a practice and travel instrument.(I got mine with free shipping)Built like an instrument, not a toy, it is an interesting crossover between a high strung guitar and ukelele. Fun to play, easy to take along, stays in tune well enough, and it's only a hundred bucks. I bet if you bought one you would like it.
The Yamaha guitalele sounds absolutely beautiful. It's like a mini classical guitar, except the recommended tuning is A-D-G-C-E-A (A-D, followed by the standard G-C-E-A tuning on a 4-string Ukulele), but it can also be turned to E-A-D-G-B-E (standard tuning on a guitar).On the standard tuning for a guitar, however, the strings sound a little floppy. A reviewer suggested using an extra hard, high tension string like theD'Addario Extra Hard Tension Classical Guitar Stringsto get around the floppiness on the E-A-D-G-B-E turning. You can use a capo with this instrument. MyKyser Capoworks on it just fine.The guitalele measures 27-1/2" x 9" x 2-3/4" at their widest points. The construction quality on my copy is tiptop except for a minute area (where the neck meets the soundboard), which is lighter in color because it missed an application of wood stain (not a big deal really). The guitalele has a satin (non-glossy) finish, which is a lot less prone to the unsightly scratches a high-gloss finish might incur.The package includes a black nylon gig bag.For a high quality instrument that costs a tiny fraction of the price for a full-size guitar, the Yamaha Guitalele GL-1 is a good buy (just under a Ninety as of this writing).
Im a man on the move and am constantly away from home. I take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings.  great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides.
This little Guitarlele is great - I have tuned to the standard E tuning of a guitar and it manages very well. It gives a gently subdued tone, that is perfect for playing any time, even accompanying music on the TV whilst the family are watching. I have had way more fun with this little guy in the last couple of weeks than I had with my twelve string in the last six months.Added info:Now that the tuning has settled down, it is keeping tune very well, with no need to retune during playing.The strings it came with are not the best though, they are wearing through all ready.
You have to look very hard for anything to critique with this pedal; the only think I can think of is moderately high power consumption, so I suggest using the power supply rather than batteries.It is a joy to play almost any style with these, though I prefer jazz/blues sounds generally where the reverb is featured prominently as opposed to tons of distortion.Oh yes .. the clincher is this only costs a tad over 100 bucks. Very hard to find any alternatives that work as well in that price range.
Studio grade reverbs in a small box, if you are looking for a reverb with a lot of options and in a small unit this is it.  Another &#34;I can't say enough about it&#34; pedal from TC Electronics, worth checking out if you're looking.
This is one of the best pedals I have on my board. I originally thought the reverb on my amp was fine enough but was enticed to try this. I was very pleasantly surprised with the lovely quality of the reverb effect, which can be breathtaking. The settings are all quite useful (Church, plate, spring, hall, room, gate etc) and then you can adjust the amount of the effect and the delay. There is also a toneprint setting which is nice, but honestly, the pedal already has some many ways to adjust the sound, the toneprint seems redundant. I leave this pedal on most of the time - along with my Corona chorus and Flashback delay. It is part of &#34;my sound&#34;.
No loss of initial tone with this pedal which was #1 on my priority list as I love the sound of my guitar and amp.  The &#34;hall&#34; setting is phenomenal.  Transparent in your signal chain when off as well!  Love it.
The best non-rackmount reverb I have ever had.  So many options, clean, transparent, and whisper quiet.  This is the last pedal at the end of my pedal board chain.  The Toneprint option is great as well to create and personalize your own verb.  Excellence once again from TC.
This is the first and only TC Electronic product I've ever purchased.  I watched the Youtube demos and liked what I heard.  It has exceeded my expectations. The reverb sounds are heavenly with plenty of control to tweak. The Toneprint feature is amazing.  I downloaded "Church of Andy" preset from the TCE website and just love that patch.  Downloading is quick and easy.  I created a folder on my computer and dowloaded all the available Hall of Fame patches so whenever I want to change it out, I don't even have to go on the Internet to get it.  There is an iPhone/iPod4gen app where you can transfer the patches directly through you guitar to you pedal. Don't ask me how it works, but it does.  I will probably buy more TC Electronic pedals in the future.
But it's a real step up from the effects on my Vox Mini 5 amp so I'm only going to complain too much.  It actually cost more than the behringer amp I'm running it through which seems a little odd to me.
This is an absolutely amazing Reverb pedal.  TC toneprint is very much a novelty, a very useful one at that if you want to dial in some really nice presets. Where this pedal really shines is in it's endless ability to tweak the parameters using the downloadable editor. You can spend hours finding &#34;Your Sound&#34; or just &#34;The Sound&#34; that you need. High quality chassis, excellent switch and input/output jacks that give a satisfying thunk, indicating your cable is secured.  Don't forget to lift the back panel to adjust the dipswitches to change the true bypass, tone dry through etc... All and all a great one stop reverb pedal with tons of tone and potential that should last a lifetime.
I bought this unit because my amp doesn't have reverb. But I discovered that this little pedal can give you greats sounds. Even when I use a reverbed amp, I turn it off and use my Hall of Fame.
really you hate warm, sustaining, natural-tube overdrive; you won't like it at all. This is my favorite OD pedal that I have. I have compared it to the Vox ValveTone OD, the OD side of a EHX Germanium4 BMP, a EHX Linear Power Boost(my second favorite), an Ibanez TS5(90s model) and a Boss Fender Bassman FBM-1. They all have their uses but I find the MojoMojo to be the most versatile, warm and punchy OD I have. I pretty much use it as my base tone to push a lightly crunchy tube amp into overdrive. This thing really wants to sing to you. There are so many things going on in the mid to upper registers. That's not to say it doesn't have some serious punchiness on the low end, which it does; so much that there is a voice switch that will cut the bass a little to keep it from getting too flubby on the neck pickups. I pretty much leave that on all the time with humbuckers. Single coils really benefit from the round lows this pedal dishes out and I am guessing that's why there is the voice switch.The knobs/pots are nice and the bass/treble pots are notched at 12. Turning to the left cuts and to the right boosts. The drive goes from really clean and subtle, like a  mild boost, up to super drive territory. I actually prefer the sound of this pedal to a Fulltone OCD, it just sounds a little more livelier to me. I really like to push this pedal into the Fender Bassman pedal and get some seriously chimey bell-like highs with a medium crunch by setting it to a mild boost level and upping the gain on the FBM-1, as a third channel of sorts, and it sounds like a totally different amp stack.Like I said, this has become the base of my tone now in just the short amount of time I have had it. I was using the EHX Linear Boost to perform these duties before, and it performs well, but the soulful tone I get from the MojoMojo just adds the extra dimensionality that the pure boost doesn't. I play mostly original compositions but I am going for the Jeff Beck tone and this helps me get where I want to go.Of course none of this means I will stop buying OD pedals... |o)
TC makes very high quality pedals, and this thing is built like a tank. I've had it for over 2 years and done many gigs, and a couple tours and all my TC pedals are in perfect condition. Now for tone, this overdrive is a light overdrive and works really well for me when I'm leading worship n my band, we play heavier music, so I was messing around with this overdrive so I could use it there as well, and I discovered that if you try to use it as a boost pedal, it makes your tone really muddy, but if you send a dirty tone (overdrive or light distortion) into it, it screams beautifully.
what can I say, this pedal has never left my pedalboard. is very versitable pedal. from a boast toalmost full out distortion that doesn't loose the sound of the buitar. cool pedal!!!!
Being a musician I wanted something easy to bring with me to catch the jams.  With the support of this little recorder I have about 95% of what I have played over the last year available to me.Sound Quality - there are many options to select from, sample rate, type (mp3, wav) and a number of other options.  I have mainly recorded wav at 192, when I am done recording I normally will edit it in a DAW and then convert to mp3 for storage.  I would say the audio is good, not great, but certainly right on for what I am doing considering the price.  Power is about 4-6 hours of continuous recording.  I can fit about 3 hours on high quality on the Gb card.  This is usually a little more than I require when jamming.  I have used the USB power when available and that has performed well.I have been pleasantly surprised with the audio levels.  Many times at a jam  you don't necessarily get to pick an appropriate vantage point to record everyone equally.  Several times it had to sit next to the drummer, or on the stairs or on the window sill in one case, and I was worried about being able to pick up all the instruments, but on the default settings it seems to pick everyone up and not get saturated.  One instrument may be louder than another but then I tweak it adding compression and eq as necessary to further enhance.The only times it has failed has been I didn't have enough battery, I didn't format the card and it ran out of room or I forgot to press the record button TWICE before recording.  The first arms the track, the second begins the recording.  For the price I bought two and just keep one in my guitar case...  I have not had reason to use the line in for the recorder, just the external mics.
Works great, sounds great, it's a bit on the large side but is solidly built and simple to operate. Tascam rocks.
Best recorder for the money I've seen...Easy to use, easy to scroll through the menu and manipulate the settings...The nearest competitor to this is slightly slimmer, witch to me would not be a plus because I don't use this on a camera rig..The picture leads you to believe this is bigger than it actually is...Check out the youtube vids on it, i believe it to be more versatile than its competition, and the build quality is higher as well...The only thing the other has on this one is its size....
allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  input that to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 and printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k
This recorder is okay but it's far from perfect. No, I didn't expect it to be perfect but still, I refuse to give it more than 3 stars. It seems to pick up guitar sounds nicely. However, other sounds such as vocals and bass are horrible. I use this to practice with a band, and then I'll just listen to the arrangement later so I can practice by myself. For this much, I have no complaints. Besides that, I would never use this if I wanted a decent quality recording of anything.
Until 5-6 years ago there was a virtual void in high-quality personal digital recorders.  Then the Zoom H2 came along, and numerous variations on a theme were soon to follow.  I've owned both the H2 and the H1 and, though both have their strong points, the Tascam DR-05 has served me better than either. The H2 has pleasing 4-point sound and the H1, at half the size of the Tascam, works well for "stealth" as well as video recordings when mounted on a camera.  But both recorders are more complicated than necessary, with tricky menu systems, excessive tiny buttons (6 on one thin side of the H1), and dicey build quality.The Tascam addresses these shortcomings with a machine that's a pleasure to use.  There are no shaky, rattling parts, the controls are solid and instantly solved (easily manageable with a single thumb), and the wide-spread mic pattern is ideal for most stereo recordings of music (for dictation, I use a separate, small mic inserted in the topside input).  The machine reminds me of the far costlier Sony PCM-50 in terms of ease and convenience of operation. The Tascam's 320 kbps MP3 recordings of a grand piano strike my ears as no less authentic and sonically "present" than its 96/24 WAV files, and tweaking is held to the absolute minimum.  If you don't have $500 to spend and are looking for a woodshedding companion for day-in, day-out use, this is the one.
I got this to compliment my filming of events, concerts etc. After my first test recording, when I played back the audio using the built-in speaker I really thought that I had been duped into believing this device was 'studio quality' ...Then I listened to that same test recording using headphones, and WOW!! This has got to be heard to be believed! There are so many applications for this recorder; it's ease of operation and quick start-up time make it ideal for hurried set-ups.
This is not top of the line but for the price is a good deal.  I don't think it lastforever but it works great for my Peavey Patriot Guitar. I would recommend this toanyone looking for an inexpensive way to transport a guitar.
I purchased mine to protect a relatively inexpensive Epiphone Les Paul Jr, which fits perfectly (as does a Squier Strat.)On the plus side, the price makes this an attractive alternative to most of the soft gig bags on the market because you are getting a rigid case that can take some (but not a lot) of abuse.The reason I claimed that this case will provide only basic protection is it does not have the top and side strength to protect an instrument if you stack heavy equipment on the case when packing your gear. That should not be a problem or detract from the value as long as you are aware of this. One other issue I've had with the case is I left in a car on a hot day the tolex covering started lifting from the edges, especially the lip around the top of the case. Again, this is not a problem as long as you are aware of it and do not leave the case in a hot, enclosed space for prolonged periods.For inexpensive guitars this is an ideal case that will provide protection for your instrument. It is perfect for occasional gigging, but would probably not withstand the rigors of being on the road. I would not hesitate to purchase another one if I acquired a guitar with a soft gig bag because I do like the better protection this particular case provides.
I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work.  Even in perfect condition it's still a subpar case.  But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing.  As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed.  The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut.Disregarding those flaws it's still obvious that it's not a good case.  The hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag.  It also won't stand evenly on end (if that's important to you).On the positive side it's light, it does fit a Telecaster ok, and the inside is a decent plush lining with a small storage compartment.  But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better.  I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all.
this is a great value. i contacted the company for measurements inside the case to see if it would fit an ibanez rg series. it fits perfectly. thank you
Like many here the case could be an inch bigger.  For my Ibanez 510  I cut the bottom material along the edge against the side wall enough to take out the bottom foam and then put the material back.  Now mine closes without pressure on the bridge.
I couldn't believe that a hardshell mandolin case even existed for this price. Especially given what I paid for it, this case is unbelievable... velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). A few other reviewers have mentioned that it can be a squeeze -- at first, I didn't think my Ibanez mandolin fit in here, but when I finally applied some pressure, it went right in. Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close.The only downside is that after a few uses, the outer black layer of the case started peeling off at the edge. I used some electrical tape to stick it back on there and since it's on the bottom, it's not very noticeable, but that was the one place where the low price kind of showed through. I didn't take a star away for that as it's purely cosmetic, and as long as this thing is protecting my mandolin, I can forgive some tape on the edge. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth.
It's a good quality case. I wouldn't check it as luggage when flying, but it's small so bring it as a carry-on. It'll protect your mando just fine.
I am the kind of guy that fixes everything with duct tape and when the item is more tape than product I go to a pawn shop and buy something used and start the process again. I saw this case and thought 50 bucks and it's for my favorite guitar, so I purchased it. 2 days later it was sitting at my back door (and I didn't have to pay shipping). This thing is a beauty! Plush interior, hardware looks great and good quality. Does not use the cheap spring latches but rather the locking type. Deep storage pocket and more. My 12 string fits in it w/room to spare and its' case is running out of room to tape so I guess I'll be purchasing another soon.
The odor of adhesive lingered for some time, but that's not really a problem.Size and fit were good. The storage compartment is nice and large.One hinge broke after about a year of normal use. It was in the house almost the whole time, I just open the case to play the guitar and then replace it when done. I noticed if you look carefully, one of the hinges is cracked on both sides, so it is not holding anything anymore, but it is one of three, so the other two still do the job just fine. It is only if you look carefully you see one hinge fractured.This was not an expensive guitar, and I had a better case, so I switched to the better guitar case, and used this one for another guitar that I really don't play at all, and it just stays in storage.
I bought this recently for $40 to replace the old cardboard case my acoustic had been in for decades.  For $40 it's an awesome deal.  But objectively, when compared to an Epiphone 335-style case I bought last year for $81, it's deserving of 4 stars (which isn't bad, just not great):PROS:  Decent build quality; four buckles (one locking) and three hinges; very nice plush lining; not heavy; knobs on bottom so it stands on end; knobs on side and back so it's never directly on the floor; fits a dreadnaught well.CONS:  Not easy to close and takes some work to get all the buckles lined up and snapped shut; the one locking buckle wouldn't stop anyone; the big front and back body panels flex more than they should; exterior covering feels somewhat cheap; the handle is hard plastic and not padded.So for $40 it's a great deal and a big step up from unlined cardboard, but it doesn't measure up to a basic Epi 335 case which is stronger and has better hardware and finishes.  It also had a strong chemical odor, but leave it open to air out for a while and that mostly goes away.
Exceptionally well made, this is a fantastic case for the money. (Fifty dollars, including shipping, at the time of my purchase.) It has four(!) very solid clasps, one of which locks. (Two keys are included.) It also features a plush velvet interior, cushioned neck brace, and a strap to keep the top from flopping back, which could stress the hinges and perhaps alter the factory-perfect lid to case alignment. But best of all, it fits my Takamine Jasmine guitar like a glove, holding it secure and (knock on wood) keeping it safe from all harm. I could not be happier.
I wasn't sure about spending a lot of money on a guitar since I was just starting out.  I bought this to work with Rocksmith 2014 and it did the job just fine.  The guitar needed some work to get it properly set up since tuning it straight out of the box sounded horrible.  It turns out that the intonation needed to be set properly and also the strings that it came with are garbage.I put new strings on it and fixed the intonation, adjusted the truss rod a bit and adjusted the string height (all with just the tools that they provided with the guitar) and it sounded a lot better. Unfortunately there's no 22nd fret on this guitar.  That probably shouldn't come as a big surprise as a lot of stratocaster type guitars only have 21 frets, but there's this one song that requires me to bend the high e string on the 22nd fret...The single coil pickups have quite a bit of hum on them so for rocksmith you kinda have to calibrate it a few times to make sure that it doesn't pick up much of that hum, or else you resort to using the 2nd and 4th switch setting so that it uses two pickups at once which cancels out the hum.I think if you wanted to try modding your guitar this would probably be a decent choice too.  I haven't gotten that far yet.  I've had it since February, changed strings on it twice (in 4 months) and so far it's proven to be a fairly nice little guitar to learn on...except for that 22nd fret (oh well).
1. If you are totally a beginner and have nothing to begin with, get this guitar and a Vox amplug AC30. Use it with your headphones or home speakers.2. Don't upgrade until your skills improved and you become a mid level. Prepare $1000 for a tube amp and a good guitar with brand name pickups for upgrade. If your budget is below that, don't bother and save more.Speak from experience, I've tried a lot and did many research. This guitar with amplug just sound amazing! Plus, it can be your forever play around set which you will be happy with and bring them out. Guitars and amps below $400, yes there are good stuff, but you're more likely to get problematic things that will be replace by better things latter. For a budget around $1000, if you don't go professional, you will be happy with them forever. So do yourself a favor, one shot, no waste of time and money.This guitar is good enough for any beginners. Most under $400 guitars don't have good pickups, so why spend extra money? (Again, my bloody experience taught me that.I've spent time and money, way more than $1000) Free advice.I strongly recommend this guitar, it has no fault towards its price.
Not knowing much, and after using for a couple of months, I'm pretty happy with guitar for the money I paid for it.  Fit and finish is quite nice.  Just needed tuning.  Great beginner model.  Feels solid and stay's in tune after the first 4 or 5 practice sessions.
This is a great starter guitar its cheap and high quality i myself already play the guitar and couldnt pass up buying such a good guitar at a rock bottom price this guitar to sum it up is like a generic version of a squire by fender and if this guitar was a more well known company the guitar could easily sell for 300$ bottom line great guitar all around for beginners and thrashers.
I am truly amazed at the quality of this guitar! I got the natural finish and I am blown away at the beauty of this thing! Mine arrived in perfect condition. Will only need a minor setup. The intonation was surprisingly spot on and the strings are actually alright to practice on for a while. If you are looking for a great quality strat for under 90 bucks, then don't hesitate and order one of these babies!
Right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was WAY off (fretted E note on the 12th fret too sharp). After the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. Next, I proceeded to adjust the intonation. I was able to get the intonation for the A, D, G, B, and high-E strings spot on. However, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted E note on the 12th fret was still sharp.I also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-E string intonation.I love the Red Burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). Unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it. I'm going to get a Squier Strat instead (with either aMapleorRosewoodneck).---[Update November 15, 2013]I ordered the Squier Strat direct from Amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. I contacted Customer Service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until December. Then, to my surprise, the Squier Strat was delivered yesterday! Yay!! :D The happiness!!I was able to get the Squier perfectly intonated. It's Red Burst like the Legacy (Fender calls it Antique Burst). It's a beautful guitar and and I'm loving it!
This is a good guitar for the price. Played well right out of the box. The finish is beautiful and I found no defects. Sounds good and well worth the money.
This Is one great piece. The quality of the guitar is Amazing!!! and for Its price Outstanding!! It plays Beautifully with my 100w amp. And with my experience of guitars, this is a go getter, otherwise I would see this one stand out to a $300 Les Paul!!!
I don't know if 39" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {I know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...However for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not I can still learn to play since thats why I bought it is to learn...The pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.All togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.I am happy with it.Good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp I have).Comes with Whammy bar(thats what I know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.**EDIT**So now that Amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that I have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, I have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... Not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning.
I have been using Olympus VN-7100 for recording piano and singing sessions, and I want to upgrade it to DR-O7MKII for stereo and connecting to computer. It has more features for me to learn new songs rather than recording tasks. Used it few times to record piano and singing recitals and practices.  The sounds is amazing, and it is much better than VN-7100, and the price is worth to spend.  I haven't fully utilized it yet and didn't have time to study the menu completely, so I just checked the menu whatever I need at this stage.  So far, I am happy for what I got the recording quality from this guy.The build is light, which is good, but its plastic material is kinda cheap as most reviewer commented, and the size is bulky, and I think it can be shorten as DR-40, too bad I don't need 4 channels yet even though I can use it for guitar practices and session.  Ended up I picked DR-07MKII for slightly less $$ ...Bought it for my x'mas gift and got a promotion of $15 rebate at that time. I mailed whatever is needed for the rebate to the vendor for almost 3 weeks, but I still haven't gotten any notice from the vendor.  Besides that, the vendor requests to cut the bar code label from the original box with a filled form for the rebate, which make me dislike.  If they don't rebate to me, and I can't return it neither since the original was cut & trashed!  feel like it's a tricky rebate ...
This unit works as advertised.  I've used it to record my garage band shows.  Making a simple recording and transferring it to a computer for storage and playback is easy to accomplish for a novice.  Buyers should bear in mind that the unit records ambient sounds (e.g., audience and any other background noise), so if you want a more pure sound, you should record directly to a computer through a mixer or other interface to instruments, microphones, etc.
If your a musician (or want to be?) recording you practices and rehearsals are an important part of your ability to learn to play well. I have found recording to be extremely important to my ability to learn new songs and that having been said, you cannot beat a Tascam recorder for ease of operation, features and sound quality. Enough said, buy a Tascam if you serious about your music.
Just use a smartphone to record stuff. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. Not really worth the $75 - I returned mine.
I bought this in 2012 to record music classes and workshops that I take in both acoustic / fingerstyle guitar as well as electric guitar, bass and percussion.  All of those environments are very different and require different approaches otherwise you'll wind up with only mumbling or with the sound blown out.  The DR-07MKII has worked well for over 100 classes recorded.This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand.  With it set to auto level then I can take it to a loud percussion class or electric band class and it quickly adjusts itself to the environment.You can also set limits for clipping or set the levels manually.  I've needed to do that for classes that involved a lot of lectures but then bursts of high sound.  I was willing to let the bursts clip so that I didn't miss the human speaking around them.One little feature that I now love is the fact that you can preset the file names and it uses them followed by a number to create next file.  I set them for certain venues that take classes or even a class name if I know that I'm going to be taking only that class for a few weeks.  This makes it easy to copy to my PC and keep organized.
I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and "kicking" the tires of this one and it's competition.  I will tell you up front my decision to buy the DR-07MKII over the Zoom H1 came down to the inclusion of a guitar tuner and the ability to be a phrase trainer!  I'm a musician and a wanna-be videographer, since the quality of captured sound was the same on each test I read about (DR-07MKII vs Zoom H1) and listened too on YouTube I decided the tuner would keep my gig bag the same size.Most reviews never touched on the phrase trainer feature targeted at musicians.  Tascam makes a line of phrase trainers that typically cost between $150-200 and don't even have high quality microphones, so discovering I could toss an MP3 of the song I was learning and slow it down to figure out the chords and lead guitar parts was an unexpected surprise. This is the better choice for musicians.Other features I appreciate about the DR-07MKII, the adjustable microphones, quick turn on and being armed to record, the file system, the low battery consumption.I should also mention that straight out of the box i attempted to record, after all, everyone said how easy it was to simply open it up, power it up and start recording.  Well, I got a recording without sound!  The unit comes from the factory with the record level at zero.  Once I figure that out all was right again in my universe.  You will want to start with a recording level that is high and adjust lower to suite your recording situation.  I found out the hard way how much of a waste of time it was to start low first, a few of my early attempts at recording our church worship team practice was disappointing.  The more aggressive recording level solved that problem.I purchased a standard microphone windscreen for it, after the first time or two of stretching it on with some difficulty the windscreen loosened up enough to make it a simple process.  I have tried recording outside with this unit and the windscreen with good results. I still don't know how I will solve the  wind noise issue when recording ambient sound (microphone capsules facing out) since the windscreen will only cover the microphones in the XY pattern position.  I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though.For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. My new fascination is with the Song Bloggie (swivel camera lense), they are inexpensive now ($50 on Craigslist these days) and with the DR-07MKII all my video pieces have wonderful sound to go along with the surprisingly good picture quality I get from the Bloggie.One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1... win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too.
This is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for Amateur musicians (like me), If you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself.  You have to listen to your mix by recording it, then listening while you're not playing/singing.
I could never see myself buying a dedicated compressor, reverb pedal, harmonizer, ring modulator, etc.  The Line 6 M5 seemed like a good way to have a "jack-of-all-trades" pedal on my board for those times I needed one specialized effect.  I have to say that it serves that purpose in spades.I have an all-analog board and was reluctant to have anything digital on it based on past experience with modelers.  I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way.  Almost all of the effects sound great to my ear, especially into a tube amp.  True bypass means no tone suck to boot.High points for the delays, reverbs, and mods.  I am not a fan of all of the drives but the Overdrive and Boost Comp sound pretty awesome.  The Rat model "Classic Distortion" sounds exactly like my ProCo Rat2.  Wish I could say the same for the Big Muff model but I guess they couldn't get them all right.The only issue is I liked it so much I could not resist the urge to get the M9 so I can run three effects simultaneously.  However, if you need a pedal to fill in for those times when you need a certain single effect the M5 is a winner.
I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Returned it.
Make sure you get a Diago power supply or one that can deliver more than 500MA the one sent from Line6 is only 250MA, huge error from L6!
I decided to try out the M5 in order to add some more effects options while replacing a tuner and analog delay on my pedal board. While I haven't explored all of the sounds yet, I have found some useable ones.You really need to start off by finding and dialing in the effects you like and creating your own presets. Flipping through all of the categories and individual effects is not really practical for any live performance situation. Also, factory settings are almost never where you need them to be on these devices because the source signals from different instruments vary so much.Here are some that I've personally found to be appealing so far:Delay: Analog w/Mod- a nice sounding Memory Man style delay once you dial it in to not overwhelm your source signalReverb: Room- standard adjustable digital delay, not truly authentic by any stretch but does the trick when played over other musicEnvelope Filter: Tron Up- a Winner! fully functional and authentic envelope follower, FUNKY!Synthy: Seeker- a very cool filter for single guitar notes.Octave: Bass Octaver- One note below only but quite effective especially for loopers.You will also find (as expected with a multi-effects pedal) many unpractical, downright silly-sounding noise makers. Not to say you won't find a use for them here or there but they really exist as filler unless we're talking about a 4:20 headphones session ;) Also, don't depend on any strong distortions from this unit unless you're using it as an addition to your amp's lead channel.Construction seems pretty sturdy other than the "Model Select" button which is a multi-use knob with push-down / turn action and is cheapy-cheap. It's awkward and uncomfortable to use, fortunately you only really need it while setting the unit up. I already dislodged it from its proper vertical position once while making presets.Having the choice between True-Bypass and DSP is a really nice touch (and unheard of on stomp boxes) as people have different needs here depending on your signal chain.The tuner is quite functional if a little tough to read from standing position. I do miss my KORG Pitchblack with its big bright display but this one does the trick and saves me another pedal connection.I personally wanted things like octave, envelope, phaser, etc. available to me on stage without having to buy and wire in all those pedals for occasional use individually. The M5 is serving that purpose. The sounds will probably not cut it for the audiophile or analog purist. They should also not be depended on as any basis for your overall tone. Just a large bank of fun accents to add here and there in a very manageable and affordable package.
This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. A lot of overdrive/distortions, filters, modulations, delays, reverbs, all carefully modeled. I put M5 side-by-side with the &#34;real one&#34; with a A/B switch, and don't heard differences. I'm using in musics where I need programed delays (like U2 or Pink Floyd) or when I need a specific effect - I only use Tremolo in 1 music, and this gear help me to save my money.
I really like the delays and the reverbs on this pedal, i recomend this model, it will work if you need a lot of effects in one box, it really sounds great, the distortions sounds great too.
When I bought this pedal I was thinking a heavy distortion. But when I got it and played with it I figured out it was alot different that advertised. It is a acdc, Steve Vaughn kind of pedal. It's got an attitude but it soft at the same time. It's truly a one of a kind product. I would recommend this if you are looking for just a basic distortion pedal. Make a note it is not a metal pedal. Not by any means actually. But for what it is it is fantastic.
Like the name implies some very cool sounding 70's distortions, not overbearing so your pickups and amp tone still stay in their, I like the mod switch in the top left corner, sounds good with my compressor infront (MXR).  so ez to use and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and to last
Great overdrive/distortion for classic rock music.  Good volume roll off tones , at full bore it sounds like VH, and some other 80s rock dudes. It's quiet and has a very active tone control. The crunch switch adds a touch of high end harmonic , not too much but just enough. MXR has come around to making pedals that do what they say they will do. I now own  a Script Phase 90, and a Micro Chorus as well and plan on getting others. I'm a classic rock player these pedals have a classic 60s + vibe.
I bought this pedal wanting classic distortion and find it more useful as an overdrive pedal. The distortion range does not get as hot as a RAT or MXR classic distortion but it sounds great with a telecaster and tube amp. I use it with a cigar box guitar also for fun and the tone ranges from 60's and 70's distortion to 80's metal. I get a more extreme distortion from my old hissing Boss Mega Distion as an example.I like that the pedal has a wide array of uses. The build quality seems questionable from MXR. As others have posted, the box is very light and the knobs seem thinner than other MXR's, espeacially the older ones, but this pedal seems solid and makes no noise.The price and demo videos were the primary reason I bought this pedal and I am happy with it. I have many distortion pedals and each one is useful in their own way. I would steer clear of this if you are looking for a pedal for metal and definately buy it if you are into classic rock, twang, and blues.
Well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  Even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  Not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  Guess that's why it's so cheap.
If you are looking to spend not too much on a distortion pedal, in my opinion this is the one to get. There are a few more different models and brands that are good. But, i could use this pedal no matter what style of music i'm playing and not feel like i have to sell it if i start a new project.
This is a very good piece of equipment for its price. Used mildly, it gives the sound a more natural feel.
It is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. I haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so I'm not sure what component has failed.
Pretty cool knock-off of the Schaller trem or Diaz Tremodillo. This is my 2nd or 3rd Joyo pedal, and my favorite thus far. I don't care for the cheap jacks, but you get what you pay for, and I can always replace them if they break (I work on pedals all the time).I've got a scratchbuilt improved EA Trem (with two footswitchable speeds) and a cheap little Danelectro Tuna Melt. Other than the crummy bypass and plastic construction, the Tuna Melt is my favorite since it has the hard/soft switch. The improved EA has a great preamp for guaranteed unity gain (or more), and the footswitchable speeds that I added gives it extra flexibility. But I think the Joyo trumps it by just a little bit in that the core trem sound is a nice blend of the Tuna Melt's hard and soft settings.So part of this is really a subjective take on this flavor of trem, but suffice it to say if you've tried a few, this one will probably satisfy you at least a bit. No unity gain issues, and the speed and depth have a good sweep throughout their ranges.And it's just a niggle, but how hard would it be to get the word &#34;tremolo&#34; silkscreened so that it's centered on the box? At least there's no skull and flames like on the High Gain Distortion.
The joyo tremolo is awesome, best for the buck. It's just as good as any, I love the joyo pedals. affordable and doesn't break the bank
For most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  You simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a "shimmering" effect.  It's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern "indie" rock.  But most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a Boss or other expensive tremolo option.  In fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.Enter the Joyo JF-09 Tremolo.  This pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  The only two controls are for Intensity (depth of the volume swells) and Rate (how fast the swells cycle).  The LED light dims rhythmically along with the "Rate" control, which is a nice visual indicator.As for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  It doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  I'm not a "tremolo expert", but the effect sounds as it should.  If you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from Catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  I'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the Joyo won't detract from my score.Regarding the quality and durability of Joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  I've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, I like them that much), and I've yet to have one fail.  The early run of Joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the JF-09 Tremolo and every pedal numbered from JF-01 through JF-17.  The more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, "cheaper", and the switch is a little more suspect.  I recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the U.S., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from China.  Many of the U.S. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.Highly recommended!
These work great.For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built.I have not used them for that purpose yet, but tried them on my guitars, a dulcimer and stick I built, and was impressed with the sound quality for the price.
This device works well, but sound is far from perfect. Distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. For the price paid is a very reasonable option.
I like how easy it can be attached to the soundhole, or, for that matter, to the headstock, where you may get less feedback than with the soundhole. It works well but produces a somewhat metallic sound, not quite true to your guitar (you will note this in particular with a classical guitar). This can be balanced, to some degree with your amp's equalizer and/or the treble and bass settings. However, compared to the AXL Pickup (which I bought for comparison), the Cherub is suboptimal when it comes to the sound it produces. It is not bad, but it does not reach the quality of the AXL. Both are inexpensive enough that you may buy them together and see what you like best. The Cherub may actually sound better with an acoustic metal sting guitar.
I bought this for the other half of my duet to use on there guitar and mandolin .They had there doubts about how good it would sound and if it would feedback.Well surprise surprise surprise it didn't feedback and it sounds great.I would recommend this product.
this was for a friend who liked the way the guitar pikup worked that he ordered 2 more for his family members.
After purchasing many kinds of attachments to amplify my mandolin or fiddle, with little or no satisfaction, I ordered this little mic.  I didnt' expect much considering the price.  It works so great, I ordered a few more.  Clip it into the guitar sound hole, or on the head stock, or on the mandolin head stock or on the fiddle....each time, it delivers a natural pleasant sound, not distorted or squeaky. The cord is long enough for me to stand and move around some while I play.  that is a GREAT bonus for me!!
Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend!
I really like the Cherub pickup. It is the easiest to install in my classical guitar of any pickup I've used. The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. The pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat.
I just play at home with friends. It works well so far on all my ukuleles.  However every time you touch your instrument it's going to transmit that sound into your amp so it's nothing I'd be using on stage if I didn't have to.  Still it seems to be a good value but truth be told I haven't had it long so it could crap out on the longevity issue. Time will tell.
I recently purchased a Vox Mini3 G2 modeling amp to go with my new Mainland Tenor (acoustic/electric) ukulele. It was my first electric instrument and I immediately fell in love with the combination uke/amp.A little time went by and I began wishing I could plug my 5 other non-electric ukuleles and 3 guitars into my amp.  I see DIY pickup sets are pretty inexpensive, but I didn't really want the expense (times eight) or the hassle of drilling holes and installing them on all those instruments.Then I stumbled on this Cherub pickup.  For about the cost of lunch at McDonalds it seemed I might &#34;electrify&#34; on the fly whatever instrument I cared to . . . pickup.  So I bought it.Bottom line is that it works very well for my needs.  And although I don't have a very critical ear, I (think) I can hear a slight quality/clarity difference between the built-in pickup on my Mainland uke vs clipping this onto my other instruments, but that's not a surprise and such a small difference that I don't much care. So far I've been clipping it into the sound holes, but I might try it on the headstock as others have recommended.If you're a Rock-God don't even consider this (why would you anyway?). But if you're a mere mortal just having some fun with your instruments and would like an inexpensive option to plug one in once in a while, this Cherub is for you.
For the price you will expect what sound you'll get, I haven't tried other expensive ones, but I have a Yamaha NTX700 with built in pickups (Pro guitar) and the price reflects the quality.Also the WCP-60G has no guide or manual where to attache it to get the best soundIt is not that expensive, you can buy it if you just want the sound of the guitar to be recorded
This is more of a toy than a good pickup. It functions but doesn't sound great. What did I want for this price anyway?
I purchased this to replace my other adapter that didn't work. Whereas, this does the job. I'm happy I purchased this and didn't have to invest in purchasing 9V batteries every time I wanted to play guitar.
This power supply is advertised as having the capability to power multiple pedals. That's good to know, but since I plan on using it to power only one pedal, it works fine for me. The variable voltage settings give you some interesting effects. I am very pleased with it and recommend it over other brands.
The Danelectrode has a knob that allows you to set how much volts you want to feed your pedals with (3V to 9V), by giving less power to them, you can get some really spooky sounds; great fun, but can also help give you your characteristic sound.  I also like the fact that you connect it vertically on the outlet, this allows to connect any other stuff to the same outlet because it does not take all the space on it, like other adapters do.  The price is great, I'm planning to have several of this.
The first power source that is fun.  It can take the edge off of a distortion of OD pedal by rolling off the voltage.  I have yet to use it with a fuzz but I hear it sound sick.
I like the Dan Electrode but I noticed dropping the voltage on some of my pedals really changes the effect (turned my Heavy Metal into a sick fuzz and my LavaBox  into a primitive distortion), and on others dropping voltage can mean a slight loss of sustain(Onerr Overdrive) or volume(FrenchToast) and thats it. It's still a good 9volt power supply but the voltage drop feature doesn't always 'wow' you.
Good quality. Adjustable and does not get in the way, Great improvement over spring capos. Not much more to say but need five more words to post
I've bought 3 capos in the last couple months searching for the perfect fit. Well, the hunt is over. Amazing tone, perfect tuning. I'm completely amazed with this capo........
Well made Capo. Works as designed on my acoustic. Easy to usel and it is nice that you can adjust the pressure on the strings. Just wish it had a spring so It could stay attached to the head of the guitar when not in use. I am always setting it down and forgetting where I left it.
I started playing and writing a few songs that were specifically designed to get the sound that comes from a capo higher on the neck.I found that I needed to have a couple of exta capos hanging around and so bought this and the G7th. Both are very good. I did notice that if I had a wider neck (I think i am 42.5 mm at the nut on my two Takamines) the may be a bit short. They work and are cool looking. I have aa adjustable Planet Waves that also works great. Cheaper ones also work
So I heard these were good, and ordered one to try. I was really amazed at the quality and awesome feel of it locking down.A must have.
If you enjoy playing Guitars, then I think you will love this Shubb S1 Acoustic Guitar Deluxe Capo. It something NICE to have around your house and work great.  Thanks to all.
I've tried them all, and I like the Shubb the best. Easy to use, very tight and doesn't get in the way.
Simple. Effective.  Just what I wanted.  Seems a tad flimsy, but, time will tell.  Tuning couldn't be easier.  Neat product.
Simple and easy to use, easy to carry around.Love it, the display is cool, and can't ask anything more.
It's not that great. You go through batteries like crazy and it doesn't work at all for bass. It's fine for guitar or banjo
i ordered a couple from my guitar seller...enjoyed..saw these and tried again...the box for tuner was a little smushed...but well packaged and arrived on time...will order again if needed..enjoy
works great,great little tuner,i would recomend this for experienced player and a beginner. i was skeptical when a friend rcommended it, but im pretty impressed.
This is a handy little piece, and for the money a great deal.  I have one of these for each of my guitars and they're as accurate as anything else I've used.
Well, to date, these Snark tuners have got to be one of the best tuners I've ever run across.I highly recommend them, especially the ones with the built-in vibration sensor.
I used this tuner as I transitioned from playing Rocksmith to playing in the real world. My amp had a built in tuner, but it seemed to give inconsistent readings. With this tuner, it doesn't matter if it is electric or acoustic, it gives a very very accurate reading. My luthier tunes by ear and when we tested against it, they were only off by 2 units in any given direction. Very happy and pleased with this one.
i bought three of these items after i first tried ine from a friend. and i am convince that the tuning is consistent and very handy.. a must for guitarists!
The one that shipped was the cheaper, shiny plastic one.  In my experience this model is inferior.  Also the rubber lining inside the clip was unattached - probably the glue didn't hold?  I like Snarks and think they are some of the best clip-on tuners.  Just not a fan of the cheap, shiny plastic versions.  I'll try returning it and getting the SN-8.
Got this to tune my guitar without relying on Rocksmith on my PS3, and to double check against it. I have a pretty crappy ear, so I rely on it to tune correctly. Responds fast, display is INCREDIBLE! I wish my car dash looked like this thing. Fits easily on the headstock of the guitar, in front or behind. Tunes by sensing the vibration of the instrument, not using a microphone, so you can tune even if it is noisy. And any pedals, effects, amps, etc in the setup do not affect the tone, you are tuning the actual resonance of the string. Even picks up well enough for me to adjust intonation as well. Forced a friend who just bought a bass to get one too. For the price, I would recommend anyone who plays a stringed instrument get one.
Really, they are. I really don't have anything more to say about it. I've played for 13 years and these are by far my favorite tuners ever. Affordable, accurate, and they don't fall off your knee all the time lol!
The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. Good for people who don't have time and patience for to conect cables to tune the instrument. I recomend it.
It is really helpful to a person like me that knows jack squat about music. I really do recommend it is tiny so it is not all big and in your face and you can easily take it off if it does bother you.
Great tuner just bought 8 of them for X-Mas presents. Very easy to use  clip on and go. The price was great. fits in your case. battery life is good. very versatel. Tune my Mandolin and Banjo with it.and they look really cool
This little Snark is easy to carry around and works great.  I have used several different styles and brands, this is a must have for musicians.
I was not sure about this at first. Seemed too cheap to work. But I was happily surprised. It works welll.Not perfect, but not expensive.Get one.
Great little tooland very handy, a bargain and a good buy Does not mar my guitar and is easy to see,Thanks
-  This tuner is affordable and it works well. I have purchased six so far. They are sturdy. They have all come with a battery in the box you have to install yourself.-  I actually sat on one and thought I broke it, turned out the main tuner head pops right back on to the goose neck. The LED is bright in low light but does not display well in bright daylight. If the display starts to dim in the dark you need a new battery. The fairly large disk style battery cost me $9.80 for a two/pack at  Walgreens.-  We had a Birthday Jam at a friends house. I used this tuner for my guitar and ending up passing it around all night between three bass players and four guitarists. At the end of the night I gave it to the birthday boy as he had admired it all night.-  I gave one to my grand-nephews. I keep one on each my favorite acoustic and electric guitars. They stay on in their cases. I like the goose neck style but I have not tried the other no-neck swivel ones. I also have one for my Bass. It's a great musician's party favor.-  I always had trouble reading my old analog tuners in low light so I really like these tuners. Don't forget - Practice, Practice, Practice.
Snark tuners are the best.  A few months ago I bought a different brand tuner and it doesn't pick up all strings.  I bought this one and it works great.  No problems.
It's a great little tuner, great accuracy, but unfortunately, they are a bit on the delicate side. The first one started working about a week after i bought it. Just broke down. The second one i purchased had a break when it arrived. After piecing the two of them together, i have a nice stable tuner. But beware...these are manufactured on the cheap.
It's a pretty cool little gizmo. The clip on feature is really helpful too; makes me wonder what I did before I had one.
I have several of these for my guitar, fiddle, and mandolin.  It works well for all of them and is inexpensive.
My eight year old finds this very easy to use on his violin. It seems to be accurate, and he is now capable of tuning his violin by himself.
I used other clamp type tuners and this one fit the bill perfectly.  I bought my dad one, too.  he loves it too!!!
Works well even with a room full of noise....................plus it's easy to see. These are the best buy for my money when it comes to tuning a Guitar or Uke.
Works great and does a good job, a must have type tool for the price get one !!! Light takes up little space and easy to use .
Clamp it on end of the neck of your guitar. Pluck a string and it will indicate what it is. Turn the tuning knob to the desired spot and you are done. Takes 10 minutes to tune the guitar. Mine is electric. Works plugged in or unplugged.
Got this tuner for my new bass.  clipped it onto the headstock, was able to tune without plugging it into the amp. clear bright display.  Might have to pickup a couple more of these for my other guitars
Snark tuners are the most comfortable ones you can find. And they tune with amazing accuracy. If this model had a microphone to detect sound it might have been even better, but there's already another model for that. In one way it's better because sometimes the vibration and sound sensor works together to pickup other sounds while you're tuning, so this tuner is a pretty good choice.
I LOVE snark tuners, this not being the first one I bought, nor the last. I loved the fact that I didn't have to press all the buttons like the other ones. Just get it relatively in tune by ear, then this thing will help you with the rest. My only problem is with the little rubber plastic on the grip. It has already pulled up and I only put it on and off my guitar maybe 3 times so far. I mean, I've had it for less then a month now and that is pretty bad. I'm just going to glue it back but it seems like it should have been better in that aspect. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a black snark tuner for their axe.
I have played guitar/bass for quite some time and have used numerous tuners ranging those those big Korg strobe tuners to my latest Sabine STX-1100. I liked the big Boss TU-1000 but that is overkill unless in certain situations.I was at a big jam in a nightclub around Christmas and saw a bunch of guys using clamp on tuners of varying brands and thought I would try one. I looked at the Amazon offerings and after reading reviews settled on this one over the SN1 or SN2.This is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before. It requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time. The only thing I don't like about it is it doesn't really like the E string of my bass. I don't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well. I will try the SN8 shortly and give this one to a friend.I do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning. If you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing. I am my own guitar tech, as well as for a friend, and I can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.Get a Snark and you will be happy.Edit - I don't like to use this with my PRS as the headstock has very little room to clip this to. The only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point. If you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a Fender or Gibson; both which have plenty of space on the headstock.
This is one of the best, simple to use, guitar tuners I've used -- and I've used a lot of them.  The bonus is that it's also one of the least expensive that I've seen.  You won't be disappointed.
Any guitarist knows how one of these works.  Clamp it on the head, turn it on, and tune.  I've tried this on several guitars as well as an electric bass.  My only real complaint is that it often takes 3-4 seconds to register the note it's getting.  It occasionally latches onto a harmonic as well.  The low E on my bass will occasionally register as a B (3rd harmonic) for example.  In general, the dullest means of plucking the string (finger instead of pick) will give the quickest and most glitch-free pitch.  All in all, it's a handy little tool to have in the gig bag.
It's just about dead-on with my Korg, which is extremely accurate. I had never seen a tuner that you can just clip onto the neck like this, and it is hugely convenient to have it sitting right there as you play. It's soft enough with the clip, that it is safe to have on a high end guitar without worrying about it scratching or hurting anything. It shuts itself off when you forget to do that -- which happens a lot. Good little tuner at a steal of a price. I like it.
I have several Snarks. This one is the most basic. All are fast and accurate. I have many young guitar students and the Snark is the first tuner they have no trouble using. I also have purchased several red, blue and the new Super Tight tuner. The Super Tight is slightly faster, brighter and more accurate, but the speed, brightness and accuracy of all Snarks are very, very good. I own many tuners, and clip ons of many other brands. The Snark is by far my favorite. There is no close second.
I've been playing guitar for over 25 years and been through many different style of tuners. This is by far the best I've ever had. Not only is it accurate and easy to use, but it's so convenient! Simply clip it to the head of the guitar, press the only button on the unit and start tuning. Also, unlike other tuners I've used, this tuner does a great job of filtering/ignoring ambient noise in the room. I can actually tune my guitar while having a conversation, even with the TV on in the room!Pro's:- Vibrant , easy to read display- No need for cords, chargers even when used on electric guitars/bass.- Simple one button activation- Lightweight - I leave it on my classical guitar all the time, especially after restringing.- Auto Shutoff (also can manually shut it off, just press the one button a second time)- Works for Guitar and Bass (both acoustic and electric) and violin - Also works on my Ukulele!Con's:Wish I had this 20 years ago!Bottom Line:This is a no-brainer. The price, quality and easy of use make it a must have for any guitarist.
I really and suprisingly like this little gadget. It works great on my electric and acoustic guitars and really is quite accurate.
I own the SN-8, which btw, is the best tuner I've ever used. I bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. So I wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. I was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. Let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an A string and it tells you you are on E (when you know you are on A bc the other tuners all say A, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. I could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. The one I received was completely useless.I am amazed at the great SN-8...I am disappointed in this thing. I must have just received a dud (I hope, since these usually get good reviews), but I will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have.
I love my Snark SN5 tuner.  It works smoothly without any issues, and allows me to tune my guitar swiftly and accurately.  All you need to do is clamp the tuner to the headstock, and it is ready to go.  The SN5 is smaller than I expected, but the multicolored meter is easily readable, and the meter can adjusted so that it can be seen clearly from any position.Using the color coded meter, you can tell whether a string is flat or sharp, and adjust the string tension accordingly.  With a little practice, tuning becomes a quick and easy process.  The unit is powered by a CR 2032 battery, which generally has a long life.Although the clamp has rubber pads, apparently the finishes of certain guitars could still be prone to damage.  The instructions states that the Snark is not recommended for guitars with the following finishes, polyurethane, French polish, and nitrocellulose lacquer.  Those with Gibson, Gretch, or Taylor guitars may want pay particular attention to this warning.  I have had no problems using this tuner on Kramer, Ibanez, Charvel, Epiphone, and ESP guitars.  The tuner also works for bass guitars and violins.  I do not have either of those instruments, but I imagine the tuner would work much the same.As there are a number of guitar tuners that attach to the headstock, it took me a little while to decide on the SN5.  Even after eliminating tuners by D'Addario and Planet Waves, selecting the SN5 wasn't that simple, as Snark makes a number of similar tuners.  I am completely satisfied with the SN5, and believe that it fully deserves a 5 star rating.  It is also the least expensive, of the tuners I was considering buying.  If the finish of your guitar isn't an issue, you may find the Snark to be very helpful.
The Snark SN-5 Tuner for Guitar, Bass and Violin gives me spot on tuning. I especially love being able to tune with a silent tuner. When playing music with other musicians who are also tuning or warming up I don't have to be concerned with hearing myself pluck the strings of my guitar or violin while comparing the sound to a pitch pipe or keyboard. This tuner works by picking up the vibrations of my instrument.I decided to buy this tuner after another musician lent me his extra one during a jam session. I was really impressed with it and had to get one for myself ASAP!
Before I bought this I had to use a tuner on my laptop. Now I just clip it on to my ukulele and tune it in a matter of seconds. I also really like how it senses the vibrations from the instrument. It doesn't matter how much noise there is in the room, it still tunes perfectly every time.
I love this tuner. I feel its more accurate that the old one I have that was given to me. I will always buy Snark tuners. They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune.
I have use this tuner for quite a few years . its easy to use-- clip it on and go.. I just bought 8 of them for christmas presents for all my friends that play guitar or Mandolin. The price was good see ya
Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have now four of them so I can keep one in each guitar case and one for the uke!
I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. Easy to use, very accurate, highly recommended.
There is almost no difference between this and the Snark SN-1, and by that I mean the design flaws. You have to constantly adjust the neck to get a reading, and they eat batteries like crazy. The Snark SN-8 is far superior.
Anyone who cares to take the time to look at my other reviews will see that I am not fond of the Snark displays.  I prefer the "needle" type because it's symmetric above and below center while the Snark has red turning off when flat and gold turning on when sharp.  However, that's me and YMMV, as they say on the Internet.Don't ask, then, why I got a SN-6.  I don't smoke, drink, or womanize, the unit is cheap, the money's got to go somewhere, and I like to play with accessories.I am fond of saying that it doesn't matter which type of tuner you use because they've pretty much become a commodity.  They all tune well with the same accuracy, so it comes down to looks and price.Well, that's not *quite* true.  Some models suffer fits in certain situations.  The rapid fall of the old Intellitouch was, in my mind, not due to price as much as its inability to deal with the low E string on a Martin dreadnought.  A web search will reveal countless workarounds.  I (and the rest of the world, apparently) buy a tuner to tune, not work around.Lately, I've become enamored of theKala KA-UBASSFS Solid Mahogany U-BASS - Fretted.  If you want a tuning challenge, the low bass E string is it.  The SN-6 hardly hiccups.  Other tuners seem to do "okay" but require a little coaxing.  Not the SN-6! That's 5 stars in my book!
I'VE ALWAYS TUNED MY UKULELES BY EAR.  NO PROBLEM.  BUT I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SOPRANO UKULELE FOR MY GREAT NIECE AND KNEW I  COULDN'T ALWAYS BE THERE TO TUNE IT FOR HER.  I WAS LEARY ABOUT THE USE OF THE SNARK DESPITE READING MANY FAVORABLE REVIEWS PRAISING IT.  BUT I'M NOW A CONVINCED SNARK USER..  SO SIMPLE.  SO EASY TO USE.  SO ACCURATE.  SO LIGHT.  PLUCK A STRING AND TUNE IT TO THE DIAL, AND EUREKA .-  SUCCESS.  BUY ONE - YOU'LL LIKE IT.
This is my third Snark tuner, I keep giving them away to people who think they can tune by ear. I use it on all my stringed instruments, (Haven't tried it on a base) This tuner is easy to attach and read, and the price is great, I have spent 60 bucks on tuners that do not function as well.
I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark *is* superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head *at all* is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar.The Snark comes with a baggy and a reclosable, cardboard box.  I have no problem with it, but the Hola! stores better.  I don't really see this as a true ukulele tuner without a &#34;ukulele&#34; setting.  It's a chromatic tuner.  It very well may be sized differently from their other models to fit better on ukuleles.  Other than that, I'm not quite sure what makes it specifically a &#34;Ukulele tuner&#34;.
These are great little tuners!  You can leave them clamped on your instrument and make spot adjustments on the fly, which is especially helpful when you're breaking in strings or any time.  I've played guitar a long time and ukulele is fairly recent, and it seems that maybe their shorter strings are somehow more susceptible to influences like temperature fluctuation or just vigorous strumming.SO, these are perfect accompanists for your virtuosic efforts.
It's easy to use and is definitely needed for a new string musician. Good quality and ensures you are playing the chords correctly.
I personally own two of these Snarks and I've seen several others among my friends.  They're great, easy-to-read and easy-to-use tuners that are surprisingly cheap.However, half of the Snarks I've come into contact with have broken within a few weeks.  One of mine broke after about 2 weeks of very light usage.  The screen is SUPER faint.  It's still tuning and displaying but without any back lighting.  This also happened to two of my friend's Snarks.My other Snark is still going strong.  I'd still recommend them for non-critical applications just for the price and ease of use.  However, these definitely aren't reliable gig-worthy tuners.  They're just so cheap it's easy to buy multiple Snarks and cover all of your guitars.
This little gem is worth it's weight in gold!  So easy to tune with it.  We have used it seemingly zillions of times and the battery is still going strong.  Automatic  shut-off helps too.
I use this adapter to connect my electric guitar and my acoustic guitar to my computer and IT WORKS PERFECTLY!!! Very minimal buzz... LLLOVE IT!!!
This gadget works fine to connect an electric guitar to an iPad or iPhone or a computer, but the particular one I received has a defective input socket for a 1/4 inch audio plug.  It doesn't snap in place.  Just sits there waiting to let the plug slide out.  That makes it fairly useless.  I may have simply gotten a defective one.
My only reluctance about getting this was I thought the price was a little higher than it needed to be but I unboxed and connected this little dealie up and it does exactly what it says it does: it gets down my guitar tracks in iPad and sounds terrific so the $99.00 price tag isn't such a big deal.  NO learning curve, simply connect the included cable from the Jam to your 30-pin iPad dock, plug in your guitar, pull up GarageBand, select an amp, click on the icon in GarageBand that shows the guitar cable end, then select "On" for monitoring, hit record and start jamming, man - that is ALL there is to it.  I've not been one to record on computers for a long time, preferring instead to use such things as Fostex 8-track recorders, Behringer mixers, Digitech effect pedals, etc. but this is going to change all that.  Awesome product with excellent sound quality and could not be simpler to use.  UPDATE:  I mentioned a Behringer mixer above (Xenyx 802). I discovered that this Apogee Jam will take the signal routed (standard guitar type 1/4 in. cable) from the Behringer's control out (L- mono) thus allowing you to use the mixer for multiple inputs, both microphone & guitar. The sound quality doing this is excellent, I've recorded a guitar and vocal track and it worked beautifully.  You just have to be careful not to overdrive the Jam. Consequently, my opinion of the Apogee Jam is even higher than it was when I wrote my initial review in March.  I may not even need that Focusrite box now!
What was thought to be a DOA model, ended up being a mistake on my behalf. My iPhone 4S, which I have had for about a year now, must've had enough damage and wear to the dock connector so that it works fine...unless trying to use the JAM.In The Box: Comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps.It comes with the JAM and two cables (USB and IOS). It is bigger than I had imaginedIt's almost the length of an iPhone. Feels nice, and is very light. The cords aren't very long.
Wow, does this stick or what! I installed a small pedal on my pedalboard with just a small piece of this &#34;Power Grip mounting tape&#34; on the top and bottom of the pedal (HOF reverb) and one afternoon I stumbled or better said kicked my board by accident hitting the pedal right on and man it didn't budge! Had I known this before I would have installed all my pedals with this Power-Grip wonder! Need sticking power? This tape will definitely fill the requirement.
Love this stuff. Think I ordered it twice. Much better than standard industrial strength velcro. Just works, so what else more can I say?
Although it does exactly what it says...it will hold your items together (pedals to pedalboard)...it is significantly thicker than I expected which makes it difficult to use properly without covering the entire board. I purchased one strip and I will use it on my backup board, but I don't plan to purchase any more.
This Power-Grip Pedalboard Mounting Tape is VELCRO ON STEROIDS!!!  This product makes your pedals SUPER SECURE.  The tape backing is first rate heavy adhesive and the gripping &#34;teeth&#34; would make The &#34;JAWS&#34; shark envious.Word of advice;  Make sure you have your pedals arranged the exact way that you want them before you start mounting them to the board. Once down you can pretty much count on an ALMOST PERMENT MOUNTING.And a hint;  Some pedals (like Behringer) have a rubber bottom. Remove these rubber &#34;non-skid&#34; plates because they come off too easily.Also; AMAZON sells &#34;couplers&#34;.  These take less room  and cut down on the clutter.As a matter of fact, AMAZON sells EVERY THING YOU NEED to put together a Pro Board.
This is simply one of the best velcro tapes out there. It is very well made and resistant to hold every pedal imagined. I would recommend to get a few roles of power-grip pedalboard velcro as it definetely holds your pedals much better than the 'industrial' velcros included in most pedal boards and a one-meter roll (around 3 feet) wont last long, especially if you have a combination of both regular size (MXR or Boss) and bigger pedals like a Cry Baby Wah or a VOX Satchurator or Time-Machine Reverb or similar. You probably have a few thousand dollars invested in great pedals, even rare ones, so this would be great for you to keep them well-attached to your board and properly organized. Maybe the tape could be made a bit wider, perhaps 1/2 an inch more would be great. It would actually increase a bit the sticking surface. Still a great product/concept. A must buy!
I love this tape for multiple reasons, one because when it's on, it's on and not going to come off with bumps or gigging hard or what not, but at the same time if you would need to reassemble your board and want to move pedals around, you can take it off. It won't be easy, but if you get some leverage on it with a flathead or something you can wedge it off. I was able to get everything off my older board, and it came off so clean I was actually able to sell it! So this is some good stuff! Be prepared to buy a few rolls though for an entire board of pedals, as it hooks to itself so you'll go through it pretty quickly.
The velcro itself is insanely amazing. Its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. If you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. In the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. Once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. I cannot think of a practical application for this velcro.
What a fantastic product! I believe I have been wishing for this for years!Only one problem. Make sure that you want that pedal there - because once it sticks - you will have a difficult time removing it from that spot.No longer are my pedals going to become disconnected after travel - they actually stay attached to the pedal board!I have ordered two more to do more pedals and boards - this stuff works and is T-U-F-F!I you are having problems with your pedals becoming unattached from your board after driving to and setting up at the club then this is the product you need!I just wish I could get paid for endorsing this product!*********************************Still holding strong - building another board and using this stuff - it's much better than regular velcro - I don't have time for pedals falling off of my board in transit - use this and that annoying issue goes away.
I've been using a standard size Pedaltrain for years and was tired of the adhesive on the pedal side of the Velcro strips inevitably coming loose after being moved around a bit. I use it to keep 3 pedals in place: a Line 6 M5, a Seymour Duncan Twin Tube Classic, and a Live Wire A/B Switch. The first two are pretty heavy and bulky. I needed something substantial to keep them in their spots especially during transport in the case, being carried vertically, with other electronics and a bunch of cables on top of them.I decided to try out the Power-Grip and have been extremely impressed. First, I stripped the old Velcro stuff off of the pedals and board and cleaned the surfaces thouroughly. It all came off pretty easily. I then applied one strip of Power-Grip to each of the bottom 2 panels on the Pedaltrain and individual pieces to the bottom of the pedals. I then let everything sit for 24 hours as recommended.After attaching the pedals, I was amazed at how well everything was secured. The pedals are only being held by the one strip on the higher panel, the other strip is just padding under the bottom sides of the pedals to prevent metal-on-metal abrasion. However, you can confidently hold the whole thing vertically and shake it aggressively without anything going anywhere.I also appreciate that you can pull pedals off of the board to move them around (with some effort) and the grip will release without the adhesive budging even a bit.The grip also bonds to itself, unlike Velcro where you're keeping track of male and female tape when replacing it.I would recommend following the manufacturer's instructions and applying this stuff to clean, hard, non-porous surfaces. I've heard that the adhesive doesn't work on rubber, wood, etc. Many pedals have rubber padding / feet on the bottom but I've had no trouble prying that stuff right off before putting the tape on.You will appreciate the stability, security, and convenience this stuff provides. Get a few rolls as a meter doesn't go as far as you'd think.
I have never played a string instrument... and it looks like I'll be able to get the hang of this very quickly. Only problem is the strings. Sting one ... play's &#34;dead&#34; meaning it will not stay in-tune. Not sure if the knot is slipping or it is the string type that is the problem. Have another set of strings [better quality] and will try that set soon.
Love the ukulele,  and the book is okay,, shows cords but the songs are very outdated,,  you tube is your friend when learning the uku...Update : I got a tenor uku for Xmas adn bought a concert uku just because, I love them both more than this little guy although it does travel with me and I just forked out money for a hardshell case so it wont get beat up as much in my suitcase by American Airlines,( just ruined my suitcase)anyhow,  it has been going out of tune for awhile now ( c string fattest one)  and I just figured out my bridge is lifting, there are two rivets holding it down and there is a board inside although not a very thick one,,will be putting a new piece on the inside and some good wood glue under the bridge and let it dry,,,  if the bridge falls apart again, I will be smashing the box and making a Banjo uku with the neck,,if you think you are really going to like playing, go for a concert or tenor,,  if you are liking the size spend a bit of money, this is pretty much the same as my grand daughters 20 dollar ebay ukulele I bought myself 4 years ago and gave to my 3 yo grand daughter because that one too would not stay in tune.
My hubby and I decided we wanted to learn to play the uke, so we ordered this set based on decent reviews.  Wonderful.  We learned to play thanks to this kit.  While the instrument itself certainly isn't of high quality, it is more than adequate and has a good sound.  The real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book.  Fab! It is highly informative, easy to follow, and has some good songs in it.  I still use it for reference and do not pick up my uke without that book nearby.
I tried this in front, in the middle, and at the end of an effects chain, as well as by itself, plugged into the effects loop of my Mesa Boogie Mark V amplifier.  Whenever it is in the path, as soon as I engage my effects loop, the signal level drops considerably.  It did not matter whether the pedal was on or not.  The chorus effect is good, but I don't want my volume to drop every time I turn on my effects loop.  I have the loop balanced with all of the other pedals that I use, so I can't raise the send any more.
I had sworn off Chorus pedals years ago, the sounded so sterile and digital the sucked the tone out your guitar and amp and made everything sound the same. Not with the MXR Analog Chorus, very musical and transparent, I like the presets recommended in the instruction manual. the stereo out is very cool for using two amps . and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last forever. By the way this is the exact same pedal as the Zak Wylde chorus pedal with out all the cheese paint job , not all of us are metal heads
This cable is an amazing find. It simply works! I am not sure if some of the cables others have reviewed have had loose wiring in them, but the cable I received is perfect.I plugged the cable into my Windows laptop, waited 30 seconds while it recognized the cable and installed drivers, and I was good to go. I plugged in a dynamic microphone, opened the Audacity software program, hit record and it was amazing sound quality. I had previously used a variety of input devices from a JamHub to a Behringer USB line input device to an Art audio preamp to even going low-budget with just a cable directly into the microphone input of the (ThinkPad) laptop. This cable provides as high quality of an audio signal as any other reasonably priced device I have used.There are, however, a few limitations...- This cable is mono only, i.e. not for stereo recording. This seems obvious, but is worth mentioning for those who have less experience with this type of stuff.- This cable only works with Dynamic Microphones. If your microphone is a Condenser microphone, you either need a battery powered microphone or some type of 'phantom' power source to power the condenser microphone.The really good things?- This cable works excellent at providing a good signal level to the Audacity software. Some input devices are either very hot (too much level) or have hardly any gain at all, so this cable works very well by providing just the right level.- This cable works amazingly well with a direct box to record a bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, keyboard, etc. I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. I was able to record a bass guitar track with about the least amount of fuss ever (think three minutes setup time from thinking of the idea to hitting record) using just this cable and a Hosa www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000WS1Q4E/ direct box I purchased from Amazon as well.
Very simple device to connect a quality dynamic microphone (or instrument using a direct box) to the USB input of a computer. I plugged in my mic and plugged the cable into my PC. Win 7 automatically searched for and found the drivers in about three minutes. I then recorded some vocals using Audacity, a free open source download. Recording was whisper quiet with no background hiss or noise at all. Recording level was great, not sure why some reviewers said it was too low. Note that this will not provide phantom power, nor does the item description imply that it will. USB only provides 5VDC and phantom power usually requires 18-48VDC. Unless there is some kind of power converter (which would be much too large to fit in this compact package) it is impossible for this or any similar sized cable to provide the higher voltage that phantom power requires. Use this with a dynamic mic or direct box and if you use it correctly you will be very happy!
This cable was very affordable, but you get what you pay for. It sounded brilliant while it wasn't broken, for about the 4 hours of runtime. It works if it isn't abused at all, but if you abuse it in any way at all, your out an XLR cable. I do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage.
Needed to get mic into computer via the USB port.  Just try to find.  Amazon had it, and at a good price.
Having purchased many &#34;A&#34; frame and more &#34;traditional&#34; style stands, this one has quickly become my favorite. Not only is the padding much better than the rest of them, this thing is very sturdy and the casters actually work. Only thing lacking a bit is the instructions, but it's easy enough to put together that they aren't really needed. I'll probably be buying a second one for the rest of my guitars soon.
I almost gave it 4 stars since you have to be smart to assemble it.  Directions don't include the proper details.  I would write them but that's their job.  I spend 20 minutes instead of 5 or so it they explained the process better.  The stand with my guitars looks awesome.  It's perfect for 2-3 acoustics and 1-2 electric guitars.  I wouldn't load it with 7 since they would inevitably bump while putting them in or taking them out.  Nice addition to my studio.
Well... its a stand..  its super cheap and i don't mean the price.  the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back.. i stuck some cardboard under the rear post to help keep that back brace more up right and no leaning back.  its going to work but i bumped the bottom with my bare feet and it cut me pretty well.  Instructions were ok..  came with more parts than what were required... all holes filled and i have  of of each part extra.. the guitars do not sit very well in this stand... i will use it until i can find a better one.. it will get replaced.. i really should send this POS back to Amazon.  the concept is great but the execution of it sucks. it folds down but not sure i would use this as a portable stand..  there are better options out there for something portable.  this stand is worth 10.00 tops... if i had it to do all over i would save my money.
Easy to put together,stable and cheap. 100% would recommend. I want to get more guitar,just to get a other one.
This might be a really, really nice stand, but the one I received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so I have to return it for a refund.  I'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time.
After having collected a few guiters through the years I needed the kind of stand to hold certain ones in particular.
it is not that large and really organizes my instruments.  The only detriment is that I leave my instruments out and they tend to collect dust.  Cover them with a sheet or something.
I am trying to learn to play violin, but was having difficulty finding the proper fingering for the notes. This has been very helpful for me to check finger position. I will be removing it when I can consistently find the proper placing for my fingers. This has also help me in tuning the violin.
Good for any beginner, but consultation with a teacher, if you have one, is recommended.  For ham fisted persons, positioning is not easy; for lossening strings, proper bridge resetting, and exact measuring of string length from the nut to the bridge is required.  Measuring requires a hard ruler with a full 330 milimeters (325 required) - bet you don't have one - or a technician's measuring tape and confident measuring skill.  Measuring is best with a cooperative assistant.  Bridge distance can be first set by good measurement and tightening the D string to hold the bridge position, measurement check, tightening the A string, measurement check, removal of the backing material and good positioning of the guide while eliminating the bubbles followed by tightening the 1st and 4th strings and tuning the instrument. Do it!  You'll appreciate your instrument a lot more than it takes to just pick it up and start practicing.  If you ain't intelligent, Good Luck!  You'd best be served with dot stickers.
Excellent picks, with nicely rounded corners to the essentially triangular shape and nicely beveled edges to make tremolo playing easy and smooth.  The only problem I have is that I keep changing my mind between whether I want a crisp corner for my picking for clarity or a pick like these for smoother playing.  These are a great addition to any mandolin player's case because they give the player a nice alternative to trying to use one of the rounded corners on a pick like a Fender heavy.
These picks are comparable in shape and feel to Grisman's Dawg Picks (and frankly, cheaper). The thickness and rounded bevel will absorb a lot of high end from your tone and, depending on how you play, this may or may not be acceptable.In my opinion, if you play with a relatively free and loose wrist, without anchoring your fingers or palm on the mandolin face or bridge, you'll get a woody, warm tone with plenty of definition and good volume. Varying the horizontal contact point along the strings can bring out a bit more high end. I play this way and am more than satisfied with the picks. (For guitar I prefer a 1 mm traditional tri-corner shape but that's a different review). If, however, you're really a fan of a biting high treble sound, these picks are probably not your best choice unless you're willing to put a sharper edge on the bevel with a file and fine sandpaper. In fact, a pack of 12 three corner picks can be an economic way to experiment with pick shape and bevel angle if you're searching for your ideal tone.If you support your hand by resting your palm or fingers on the mandolin, chances are your attack, tone and volume are generally softer and I think these picks will produce an unacceptably dull tone. Tweaking the shape may still leave you feeling as though you're not benefiting from the large mass of the pick and it's just slowing you down. For such a lighter stroke, I'd recommend the 1 mm tri-corner I use for guitar.
This pick is well designed for mandolin playing.  Unlike standard guitar picks, it has generously radiused corners.  It's also stiff and comfortable to hold when playing.
I was looking for picks comparable to the three that came with my Fender beginner's mandolin set, worried I'd permanently lend them out or otherwise lose them. Having a dozen similar--a few for me and a few to share--meets the need! He heavy feel and very rounded edges make for a very mellow sound and allow for a quiet practice, especially when compared to lighter weight and pointer guitar picks.
Picks are personal thing and even then everyone seems to change once in a while.  I really like the feel of this hard little pick with the round edge, which gives a warm round sound, but if you like to have the bluegrass banjo sound, all you need to do is file down one edge to what you'd like and you can have it all.  Great pick, I recommend it.
This works amazing! It is very thick, which is great for a nicer sound on the mandolin. It also works great for a guitar. It works really nice with steel strings, but I have yet to test it on my ukuleles nylon strings.
This is a good pick.  They give the strings a sweet sound and slide off the strings nicely.  However they do have a really annoying clicky sound that is not so hot.  After trying a few others I settled on Wegen Picks.  They make the Golden Gates sound bleak in comparison.  Wegens definitely click less, are easier to grip and bring out the natural woody sound and character of the instrument.  If you are looking for something that will progress with you, you may wish to look elsewhere.
I chose this rating because even though it is an Epiphone, a Les Paul and affiliation with Gibson it is made in China NOT the USA as one would think by the name affiliations.  I think that fact should be pointed out in the advertisement that is is NOT a USA product. When opened, the white pick guard as showen in the picture was missing from the body of the instrument but I did find it in the pocket of the soft carry case. The white pick guard should have come attached to the body from the factory. So someone messed up in QUALITY CONTROL. With that said, I find the finished look is fine without the guard, the tone sounds good when not electrified and the sound is good when electrified. I decided NOT to send it back because everything else appeared ok when using it.
I love this uke! it came fast. such a solid built uke feels like a les paul nice and sturdy!sounds amazing, intonation is perfect and never slips out of tune. it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it!
Beautifully finished. Everything about the construction of instrument is unbelieveable. Nice sound in the acoustic too. If this is an indicator of Indonesian made instruments, then all string instruments should be made there. Epiphone has outdone itself. I absolutely adore this instrument. I would love to have a Baritone Uku of this same design.
great picks. i like the feel and the control it provides. i like its texture and the size. just perfect.
I don't know how much you can say about picks, but this is a versatile pack. You get a multitude of types and there are 2 of each thickness. If you use a variety of picks or are wanting to test out other types of picks, this is for you.
Need a little variety in your life? well... Its nice never having to look for a pick they're just always around now
Simply a nice assortment of picks to try.  Worth a purchase just to experience the differences a simple pick change can make.
They are picks for guitars and they work. They also have pretty colors. Right now I am just writing to get the required words out. If you dont want anything heavy this is good for you.
I only use a few of them, it's good to find what style fits you. I'd recommend it for finding what suits you.
lots of different thicknesses and textures to try out and see what works or like the best, great picks sampler
i use thin picks, (.38, .46 and .50)  so this pack gets you thicker ones too which i don't use.  i actually like the dunlop brand/material so once i get used to thicker ones, i'll try these.  the pack only have .50 and thicker in case you're looking for very thin ones.  if so, then don't buy this sample pack.  go and buy the Dunlop Nylon .38 or .46
I bought the wrong pack(Was supposed to buy the light/medium pack) but its alright these picks let me try out a bunch of different gauges and materials to see what fit me best. My favorite pick out of this bunch was  the Dunlop Jazz 3 pick. It would be great if the item name was changed to like 'Dunlop 12 Med/Heavy pick variety pack' but that might be me being too picky.
The sampler pack was a good variety of pick thicknesse and are useful in finding out what type of picks are most useful in playing various guitar styles.
This guitar is pretty good for the price. The only reason it has 4 stars is because my first and 2nd string keep detuning. Might be the weather, but strangely it keeps tune in DADGAD. I think I may need to tighten some screws. Anyway, not a bad choice at all if you want a nice classical.
This is an amazing guitar for the price. I wanted a classical guitar to round out my collection. The guitar has good tone and action. The built in tuner is a nice addition because nylon strings stretch when they are new so you have to retune frequently.  The guitar stays in tune nicely after the strings are broken in.  The pickup works nicely but is a little sensitive and loud.  The guitar sounds good both acoustically and amplified, but I prefer the acoustic sound.  The finish is a bit more orange than pictured. You could spend a lot more money on a classical guitar and not end up with a better guitar than this one.
I used a felt pick that was made in the 1940s for a long time and it finally disintegrated over time and became unusable. I bought a set of Mahalo Felt Picks and while they seem nice, they're too stiff to get a clean sound when strumming and I get a raspy, harsh tone when picking single strings.I know many people love these felt picks, but I've found a set of soft rubber picks here on Amazon that give me a tone that's much closer to the sound of my dearly departed vintage felt pick.
What can you say about a pick? These picks sound good and have lasted well. I have also found that felt uke picks produce a good sound on bass guitar.
I don't often use a pick for my soprano uke. The Mahalo picks bring a clarity of tone that I really like, especially if I'm looking for a brighter sound.
these picks are bigger than i expected. easy to hold and very soft. they deliver a rather muted and softer sound than traditional picks.
MY THUMB GOT SORE!  I HADN'T PLAYED ANY OF MY STRING INSTRUMENTS FOR SOME TIME.  THE FINGER TIPS ON MY LEFT HAND WERE NO LONGER CALLUSED AND MY RIGHT UKULELE STRUMMING THUMB WAS TENDER FROM BEING OUT OF PRACTICE.  HENCE MY PURCHASE OF THESE FELT PICKS.  THE PICKS ARE FINE.  THEY ARE USEFUL.  MY ONLY COMMENT IS THAT I REALLY LIKE A FELT PICK THAT IS THICKER AND A LITTLE SOFTER.  THESE ARE GOOD BUT DIFFERENT.
We purchased these because they were recommended to be used with the Ukulele.  They seem to make a damper sound rather than allowing the strings to make music.  Not sure I would buy these again. But great to give the kids when I don't want to hear 6 Uke's practicing at the same time.
As a classical guitarist, I have never touched a pick to my nylon strings.  As a recent ukulele enthusiast, however, I have a little different approach.  In a group, if all are acoustic, a lead line of some sort has to push through the strummers.  I tried these.  Nothing against them.  They are good for strumming.  For lead, I needed to use something harder.  I went to a soft plastic or nylon pick.  It will still not be too good for the strings, but it does the sonic job I need.For a nice strum, these are fine.
I thought these would give me more volume and a better feel for stumming my uke.  I don't use them much at all, preferring palin hand strumming to what these deliver.
nice comfortable very comfortable to use and easy to install on the guitar and was just like the picture showed.
Well I guess it works? I don't know what I was expecting. I was hoping to get something cheap but that works for my classic guitar. I had to tie the other end around the guitar area but I don't know I guess it is okay it doesn't really bother me it is just that I wasnt expecting it. Also the actual band where I can put around my body is not THAT comfortable but it is okay and I can move around in it and secure it to my body.
2&#34; wide, Nylon strap is well made, comfortable and should last many years. The ends are leather, sewn onto the strap. It has room for adjusting to fit almost anyone, short or tall. Comes in several colors.
I bought three of these at the same time to replace some older straps that were starting to rip and fall apart. They are decent cheap guitar straps with a tight fit over the strap buttons. Two out of the three I bought are still performing well but one of them quickly cracked around the hole where that the strap button goes through and will occasionally slip off. Not a huge deal because that seems to happen with almost every guitar strap I've ever bought a one point or another but it happened quicker with this particular strap. I suppose, unless I have strap locks, there is no way around this.
This was something I HAD to pick up, simply due to the price.  I own a Shure SM57 and compared to this, the sound is very close, not dead on, but I'd consider this over other mics for someone on a budget.The  top does not spin like the Shure and the weight is much lighter due to the material used to cut cost I'm sure, but none the less, it makes no difference sound wise.Overall, a great buy!
I ordered 1 just to try it since it was so cheap, the first one arrived in non working condition, wires inside werent even soldered, so i ordered a replacement, plugged it in and it didnt work either, the second wasnt soldered either.I know its cheap, but i expected it to at least work, do not buy
OK, I just got this mic in the mail a few hours ago. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. I did the A/B test by mic'ing a guitar cab and recording a hi gain metal guitar riff trying my best to keep the mic's in the very same positions. I would recommend for sure. Here's a link to an A/B comparison I did with an SM57. [...]
This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the frequency range with resonant lows, smooth midrange and crisp highs. For almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production. The sound is unbelievable, especially at this price. For under twenty dollars, this Pyle-Pro mike can't be beat.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam DR40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but usually not when using the XLR input.
They're round and they fit over microphones.  Work well to stop pops and lisps.  Have been very happy with them.
Nothing Fancy. Snug Fit for my Mic. Kinda of thin compared to others that I have seen. Bought extras in case others wanted to use my Mic.
So I have these old EV mics and the little foam piece on the inside of the ball dry rotted and crumbled.  These provided an easy inexpensive solution.  No complaints.
I have a few guitars and these hooks work extremely well without costing too much.I also like the clean almost modern lines and that they don'y look like hardware.Plus they are all padded afor protection.
I wanted a wall hanger for my mandolin, and this works great.  The arms are adjustable, so the instrument won't rest on the pegs.  The foam is good, and the hardware is included.  Plus, the price is great.
I own a number of guitar hangers. This one was a good buy for the money. I have wood ones that are heavier and more attractive, but also a good deal pricier. For what I spent for this one, it is adequate as long as it &#34;holds Up&#34; (Pun intended)
I was excited with how easy it was to set up, and it makes my music room look so much better with guitars hanging up instead of just sitting on the floor or on stands
Arrived promptly.  Nicely packaged.  Holding my instruments securely.  I'll likely order more, and would recommend these to anyone shopping for wall mounts.
many similar products for much more money do not do as well as these simply designed easy to use & install hangars. They are reliable (so far), they do not hurt anything on your instrument, & I am using one for my heavy fretless bass as well as my guitars & violin! How self adjusting can they be!? apparntly - quite!
Easy install and great price. Shopped these for awhile and had to get all my guitars off the floor, bed, corners of room etc Installed in two minutes. Holds neck lightly - easy up easy down. Padded so does not scratch finish on neck. Will buy again.
I use this item for my daughter 1/2 size guitar, its looks light in weight and firm, and can be adjusted for different sizes of guitars.
You have to pay a lot more at a guitar store for something like this.  Granted it doesn't look as nice but it does its job.  I put couple of them up and have my guitar hanging  on it without any problem.
What makes it fit all guitars is that the prongs rotate independently. If you have a standard size guitar neck, don't bother with that. I would have preferred something that was stationary that I could just stick the guitar in. As it is I have to jiggle and align it a bit, using 2 hands sometimes, which will be annoying after awhile. If I buy another it would be a standard hanger.
I just got done installing these. My three guitars and mandolin take up virtually no room in my small house anymore, my guitars are decorating the wall at the same time, and my guitars won't tip over either. Not only was this the least expensive solution out there, but also the most space efficient (to keep my wife happy).I used the screws that came with the mounts and made sure that they went into a stud. You can usually find a stud by looking for a screw or nail that the drywallers didn't get covered with drywall mud. Once you've found one screw, then your studs are either 16 or 24 inches apart. With the mounts screwed into wood studs, I don't see any way these are coming down. The mounts fit everything from my 12 string acoustic, to my heavy electric Strat, to my mandolin beautifully.Gotta love Amazon. With so many options to choose from, you can come up with something great and inexpensive too. And the reviews give you an idea of what real consumers are experiencing with the product.BTW, this seller really got these to me fast. This was a great buying experience. Thanks DisplayGiftSCOM.
This is very nice holder which holds my guitar in an accesible but safe from scratching place.  the mount screws were too low of quality to use though, I went and got my own mount screws (was able to use black ones that matched - better) as these did not work that well and I did not want to trust my expensive guitar to them.
light weight, easy to install, holds very well, does exactly what it was designed to do, hold a guitar on a wall
I have purchased a few guitar hooks in the past for my studio. However, I wanted to add a few to our rehearsal space but didn't want to spend a lot. These did the trick fine. They are perfect to rest your axe for a bit without a guitar stand getting in your way. Especially for the price. Okay, they are not high end, but I didn't need high end ones.
This is just what I have been wanting for a while now. I have my Les Paul style guitar hanging right by my computer desk and that baby gets played a whole lot more than when it was in the case! A floor stand worked fine until I knocked it over one day:( Now it stays on the wall and away from danger but never out of reach!
It's not a thing of beauty so if looks is what you are after then this wall mount isn't for you. If you are looking for a solid, easy and convient place to hang your guitar where it won't get stepped on or kicked over then this is for you. It works great to hang a standard size guitar on. There is a little wiggle room left so a oversize may fit but I am not sure. It has a soft foam cover over the steal arms to protect your guitar, hangs by the neck where the head stock curves out so the tuning pegs aren't bumped and hangs straight, just touching the wall with the body. I recommend it.
I ordered eight of these after reading the reviews.  I have five guitars, including two Les Paul's and they hold them just fine.  I give them four stars.  The are fine for, I believe, all guitars at home, but I wouldn't use them for retail or something like a school.  They are made if ABS plastic and at the point where the arms swivel it's just a rivet the holds them together.  The wall anchors that they send with them are a joke.  like the other reviewer said, you really should find a stud to mount them to, but if you must use wall anchors, use the burly moly ones that bore into the dry wall.  All in all these are sturdy and stable (when anchored to a stud) and I'll use more if I have the need.
I love this wall hanging mount. Of course, you should use longer screws than what they give you and you should make sure to mount it in a stud, or use drywall backing screws, etc, but that's just common sense.The actual product works perfectly and exactly as described. The arms are adjustable & stay where you put them. This fits my 5string Fender Jazz Bass as well as my acoustic guitar & violin (and even holds the neck without touching the pegs, if you want it to). I will be buying more of these for my other stringed instruments.This is a very well designed product that works just like you want it to.
Got them in 3 days and love them. So much cheaper than the stores and they are the same thing.
I keep all my guitars in my room and I had to many stands cluttering it up. The screws they sent with were plenty long enough and all three that I got are holding guitars to the wall, on drywall nonetheless. So given that if you have a wood wall you should have no problem. They all are sturdy enough, and i have always been suspect of wall hangers. best deal and does the job.
I just received my Blue Radius Shock Mount, and I was immediately floored by the the size and looks of the unit. It reminds me a set piece from Fritz Lang's "Metropolis", the rings around Saturn or something built by Tesla. It's a beautiful thing, certain to impress anyone who might sit in front of it to be recorded. Certainly beats the homemade 4 inch PVC pipe and bungee cord shock mount I previously had made and my Yeti mounted to. What is impressive about this mount is you have full and clear access to the the Yeti's 3 knob's, mute switch and USB/Headphone plugs on the bottom of the mic, whereas my homemade version gave me fits with knob access. Once you screw the Yeti into the machined shock mount base, there are teflon or maybe white delrin washers which allow you to swivel the mic easily to access the back knobs or move it toward any position, say a guest speaker with great ease. The build is hefty, machined aluminum rings with stainless steel mounts and screws. The elastic suspension bands are not going to fly across the room, as they do on most shock mounts, because they are not threaded on hooks, but securely fastened to brackets, then the holding screws. The Radius also allows you to mount the Yeti on a boom stand, upside down, which I have always been told is the best way to mount a condenser type mic so dust and moisture (spit) does not build up near the capsules or internal electronics, it just falls, as gravity allows.Does a shock mount make a difference in sound? To my ears, yes, especially if you are recording into say, a laptop on a table, the fans and hard drive are going to vibrate, coloring your overall sound with unwanted hum. Although the mic stand the Yeti comes with does an O.K. job of dampening vibration, it is not going to give you as much isolation as the Radius, which will be noticed when the gain controls are turned up. There is also the science of unwanted resonance from instruments, rooms or cabs vibrating your stands, that's why you see most professional studios using shock mounts, you just get a cleaner sound. In a test, the Radius works like a charm, even from pounding on my mixing desk. A 9.0 earthquake is not going to cause any vibration.On the down side, just to play Devils Advocate, The Radius is huge, and may nor be suitable for tight spots or portability. That said, the Yeti is also a big microphone, and once mounted, may add six inches to the overall space you will need to use this setup properly. Next, when you un mount the Yeti from it's built in stand, you are going to have gaping screw holes in the side of the mic. I fixed that by screwing the old Yeti stand screws back into the holes, which actually looks kind of neat to me. To some maybe, it will look like bolts in the Frankenstein Monsters neck, but I think it all fits together. Next, smaller base microphone stands will want to tip, either angle the Yeti plus Radius back, or get a bigger stand, this is the one I have and would highly reccomend, theSamson SAMD5 MD5 Desktop Mic Stand. Lastly, this mount will only work, as far as I can see, with a Blue Yeti or Blue Yeti Pro microphone, maybe some other mics will work, but not likely.In conclusion, the Radius is an easy set up, works great and makes a Yeti look retro/futuristic sexy! Yeah it actually looks really cool, like a spaceship blasting off or landing, take your pick, I know people coming into my studio are going to say, "What The heck is that, and where can I get one!?" I may tease and say it's and award or art piece.Addendum 12/13/2011If you thread another shock mount into the Radius, you get double protection. It also looks great to talent in your studio. Over Kill or Uber Cool, you decide. See Pictures.
It did not perform. Looks cool, but thats it. Very large and inconvenient. Would not recommend this because I would not recommend the blue yeti.
Cool design, makes a big difference in you audio. Even careful hand tightening will break the thumbscrew. Screw is actually two pieces (wtf?) of worlds crappiest pot metal.  Supposedly a new tightener design is on the way.
Just as the others have said.  Its cheap with little to no padding but gets the job done as a dust cover and if you need something handy to transport your bass to and from gigs or to put the bass into storage.Its a perfect fit for Fender Squire J Bass.  I also got my Samick CR-13 short scale to fit in there but it was a tight fit so not the ideal choice for Short Scale bassesBut Im happy with it for under eleven bucks it gets the job done and I would buy it again
This bag is super cheap and flimsy with almost no protection for your guitars at all but since it's reflected in the cost.
I recently purchased a Epiphone EB-3 bass and it didn't come with a case/bag. So when I found this one and decided for the price it was worth the try. It is VERY thinly padded not much more then a dust cover really. Not to mention that it has issues fitting a side by side into the bag but inlines seem to fit just fine. All in all it's an okay bag but only if you have an inline and don't want much padding.
should have kept this....I returned it cause I purchased a zoom r16....big mistake!! miss it on smaller projects and my mxl990 sounded wonderful when hooked up to this super versital mixer.....my uncle has one and uses it for podcasts on his camping trips with vw freaks! he thinks it great too
it does the job to do my home made music demos, nothing professional though. im happy with it after all and recommend but not for professional purposes.
This is my first mixer. I'd been looking for a cheap way to upgrade from USB-powered mics like the Blue Snowball to something a little more professional and, of course, that requires a mixer with these kinds of hookups.Thus, I am an amateur and you'll probably get more accurate ratings out of a professional.Anyway, my pros and consPros1. This thing is way smaller than I expected. I can hold it in one hand without any difficulty and that means it doesn't take up a lot of desk space. It fits well where I put it.2. It works as intended. I use this with a GLS ES-57 mic and this mixer is powerful enough to power it and make it sound good. I have my windows volume set at 75 and the gain is up at about 60%. I have no hissing and no problems. I did a podcast with this set up today and my podcast co-host (we do it over Skype) said I sounded very clear and my voice sounded strong and good. This is a stark improvement over the Blue Snowball.3. It's plug and play. I plugged it in, it installed the drivers, and it automatically set itself as the default microphone. Easy peasy.4. I use Reaper as my audio software and Reaper recognized it immediately.5. The dials and everything was easy to understand.Cons1. You can't plug this into a USB hub (or even an AC-powered USB hub) otherwise you'll get a hiss. This needs to be plugged directly into a computer.2. This high-jacks your audio defaults in Windows. To fix it, open your Control Panel, open the Sound, and set your Playback device to your speakers to fix the problem. Your sound will come out through your speakers as intended. Since I use this as my main mic, I left it as default in the Sound settings.Overall, for the price, this is an amazing little mixer for beginners and amateurs. I know there are better options but they are also more expensive and I'm on a budget. It's a great way to get into the world of sound without spending a lot more money. If you're like me and a single person doing YouTube video voice overs or podcasts, this is perfect for a home studio set up where you only need one person. Worth every penny as long as it lasts. I'll update when/if it breaks down but until then, I do not regret this purchase.
I bought this for my son so he could record with it. He does stuff on the internet with other people musically and says it works good for him.
This mixer is awesome, I couldn't get it where I live, so I bought it on Amazon, it works great!! I plugged my Shure mic, and my acoustic electric guitar to the Line In, and also my ipod to the 2track, and everything works great!! Great sound, with the right parameters, you just have to adjust a little here and there, and it will work great, so far no buzz or humm.
I bought the smaller Behringer 302usb mixer for a small home recording setup with a budget target of &#60;$125, but had to move up to this model for and additional cost of about $12 due to the fact that the 302usb doesn't provide adequate phantom power for a Condenser Microphone (not properly disclosed by the company). The simple setup I have also includes the Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Hosa XLR cable.I was looking to improve the quality of voice recordings for podcasts, interviews, etc., over a simple USB headset, without &#34;breaking the bank&#34;. In addition to the positive reviews on Amazon about most of the Behringer equipment, my son, who has some experience with sound equipment said that Behringer makes solid items, but that I shouldn't expect much in the way of customer service. He's helped me work on tweaking my setup and he finds the items I bought to be quality as expected.I'm glad that I moved up to this board, even though it has a lot of features that I won't personally use. I'm glad that this has two microphone inputs, if I do decided to conduct in person interviews using the board. Besides the extra mic input, my son will likely put some of the additional features to use recording some music with his electric guitar and making some mixes using the features in GarageBand.I have found that my son's warning is somewhat correct, at least in regards to information provided for the customer by the company both in the paperwork included in the package and on the website. Since this is essentially entry level equipment, people like myself, who have little / no direct experience with sound equipment could use a little more guidance in using these projects, particularly in hooking things up to a computer, which is obviously an increasing application.I couldn't find any information on the Behringer website or in the paperwork which provided guidance for a Mac user, for instance. In addition, it would be nice if the manufacturer would give some basic information on such items as use of headphones for monitoring, etc. when using with a computer, but they don't. I've done a lot of experimentation in addition to Googling to figure out how to get things up and run.So far, I'm getting quality recording results from this board. I am currently using it with an RCA type cable with the input to my iMac's line-in. I might ultimately try another adapter for a USB connection or Firewire, but I haven't had the opportunity to research what is possible or which of the three options provide better sound. Whether I not I investigate will depend upon my needs in the future.I believe I got excellent value in the equipment quality. I would give 5 stars, but the manufacturer should provide more information.
PROS:* Small. Easy to take with you or set on a small shelf.* If using USB, does not need external power supply.  Very convenient.* Easy-to-use, accessible controls.* Pre-amp power, works well with condenser studio mikes.* Plug & play with Windows 8.  Didn't have to install any kind of driver.* Variety of input options.  Dual track with low/high volume sliders.* LEDs make it easy to tell whether in the green or red range.  Easy to adjust.* Awesome for those who need a mini-mixer-- and costs the same as a USB-based preamp-only device.* Free shipping-- gotta like thatCONS:* Only one power setting, 15v. That may not be enough for some, but works great with my studio mike.* Line In / USB buttons somewhat confusing, non-intuitive.  However the manual shows exact settings for computer use.* As with other low-end Behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out.  Can take some fiddling to overcome it.* It's pretty easy to overpower the computer's input and cause distortion.  Start the sound levels at zero and slowly bring them up until it sounds good.NOTES:I purchased this for use with my studio mike, which I hadn't been able to use with my computer due to pre-amp power needs.  Plugged it in, worked first time, no problems.This unit is very sensitive.  If used with a decent mike can pick up background noises from across a room.  With a bit of tweaking, is fine for studio work.  I use it for guitar/voice solo live Internet music shows.Overall, I'm quite pleased with the unit.  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it isn't perfect... but then it's only fifty bucks.  For the price, overall quality, ease of setup, range, sensitivity and plug-and-play, I don't think one could find a better unit.  Two thumbs up.  I don't know how a Pro would rate this... but I definitely would recommend it to those doing recording on their computer with a studio-quality mike above the quality of the average "USB microphones" available on the market.  You not only get a pre-amp but a duo-channel stereo volume mixer in the deal.  Hard to beat at that price.ADDENDUM:  A few days after the initial review-- I just used the device on a live guitar/voice webcast.  No background hiss, very good, clear sound, crisp, no distortion, excellent transmission.  Friend recorded a video and the sound was precise and identical to the original performance.  Quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp.HINTS AND TIPS:Two good hints on this one:* Another user and I put our heads together and realized one can use a 6-volt lantern battery (or 3 to 4 AA cells), hook them into a USB printer cable and power this via battery.  It works great and makes this unit PORTABLE.* There are reports of this mixer interfering with the way the Windows handles sound. I have found this to be true. It pretty much takes over your entire sound system. For some folks this will be fine. For others, they may not appreciate this. So what I did was uninstall the drivers, remove it from the computer USB (which seems to defeat the purpose, but wait...)... and plugged it into one of those new portable-USB power supplies you plug right into the wall (they're available all over for between $5 and $10). This powers the system without hooking it into the USB system of your computer. What this does is allow you to use the functions of the mixer without altering how Windows handles sound, the programs it uses, or causing problems with programs like Audacity.You then run a LINE IN from your computer speaker output, a LINE OUT to your computer speakers or headphones, and you can still use microphones or whatever else you want. This is an excellent alternative to using it as a USB device. You are instead powering it from a USB wall-socket and simply using it as a quality mini-mixer (which function it performs very well). That's what I finally did and am still most happy with this device.In addition by using it in this manner you pretty much eliminate the relevance of what OS you use. You could use this with Windows, Mac, Linux or pretty much anything, because all you're really doing is setting it up as a mixer using standard line-in / out cables. Works very well in this capacity. Gotta love those new external USB power nodes. : )
These dual amplified speaker cabinets are something new for me, as I am used to the normal dual cabinet, one amplified set up like the Behringer MS16 which I was trying to replace with these, but on second thought will set them up someplace else, as they do not have front controls, have only one trs or XLR connection point, require AC power for both, and as P Frary has stated are VERY dependent on input; they kind of worked with my Stanton S300, and not at all with my laptop.They are (as stated by other reviewers) very subtle, and may take some getting used to. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit.I actually hooked one up like a guitar amp, and it worked fine; just a little guitar amp that sounded great.For your normal Stereo mini jack and RCA hook ups, I would go with the much lower priced MS16's which have multiple RCA jack in points, and one Stereo mini and full front controls.Addendum: 10/13I finally hit a home run with these speaker when I hooked them up to Sony CD changer unit I have for the living room, dialed in the speakers, and put them both on one on/off switch.  The soundis full, and fills the room.
I'm used to the old 70's and 80's speakers that I've had on my stereo since that time.  I read the reviews about what people said about hearing things they never had before.  I was blown away.  They are all correct, get them setup right and hear all the things your music has been missing (I listen all the time with different headphones, not the same!).  The way the music was separated so well, I swear it sounded like the vocals were coming from right in front of me and the guitars were on each side of the vocals.  I had to dig up all kinds of music to test them out.  I don't know what kind of bass people are wanting out of these but when I use them to watch movies, listen to music, etc... They have lots of punch, even when I play my guitar through them (POD HD PRO).
This is a pretty nifty item and it does just what it says very easily.  Get one of these and you'll soon have guitar picks coming out of your ears.  My only issue is that a pick punched from, say, an old credit card isn't going to replace my favorite picks.  It's a great idea, it's executed very well, no issues with the product itself, but I find that it's not incredibly useful to me.If you're not particularly picky (no pun intended) then one of these will supply you with picks for a lifetime.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She thought it would be neat to make picks from different materials. She has used it many times using things such as old ID cards, plastic laminates, and expired credit cards. In all cases it cut a perfect guitar pick.
As a guitarist, I lose and find picks everywhere. I hate buying them because I know they are somewhere in my house but I just can't find them. With this, I take all my old credit cards, student ID cards, playing cards, etc. and make my own. I now have an unlimited pick supply and they are all unique to me. It rocks, pun intended.Bottom Line: Every guitarist should have one. No excuses.
I'm a pro musician and music teacher. These are the original pick punches, by the company from the guy who invented them... At least that's what it says on his website. The others are knockoffs.  They probably all work about the same, and they're all about the same price now, so why not support the dude who invented them. He's really into making picks, and has some pretty cool ideas and instructions on his website. I'm pretty crafty, and really like this. Bummed about rough edges? Buy a fine sanding sponge at any hardware store, sand the edges for a few seconds, and be done with it. He also sells sheets of plastic from his website, at quite good prices, and ink for stamping them. I got a cheap rubber stamp made with my URL for about $10 online, and make my own "business card" picks now. I also found some cool sheets of celluloid on eBay, it's not easy to find the right stuff but the picks I make now are just as good as any you would purchase, and the cost is way less for personalized pics anyway. If you need hundreds or thousands of picks made, well then you're better off ordering them, but I have fun making 10 or 20 of them at a time to hand out to potential students and clients. Oh yeah, I can still recycle old cards and stuff too, my students like bringing them in and making their own picks as well. Everybody knows that picks just evaporate when you lose them anyway, what could possibly be greener?
I've had one of these for about 2 years now.  I've made 100's of picks out of old credit cards, gift cards, club cards, plastic sheets, plastic packaging well you get the idea.  THis is fun and easy to do.  I have even sold the picks at garage sales (25 cents each).  My favorite cards to use are the iTunes gift cards (careful cause some of the iTunes cards are cardstock).  They most replicate a Fender Med. pick.  Most credit cards are a bit thicker (somewhere between a Fender Med. and Heavy).  THey work well also (the edges do come out a little rough but I use an old emery board to clean them up quickly and easily).  I use the picks on both accostic and electric guitars with good results.  The best part is I am NEVER without a pick (even when people accidentally walk off with one.)  I do get funny looks at the stores when I ask for the used gift cards back (until I explain what I do with them- then the clerks are like &#34;wow thats so cool&#34;).  On average I can get 5 picks from a credit card (unless I'm going for a particular part of the card with a design on it).  It takes a little thought to get the most out of the cards- but seeing as they are basically free I don't mind &#34;wasting&#34; parts if I want a particular image.  Just a word of caution on things like DVDs or CDs- they are really too thick and tend to shatter- not worth the effort (I tried an old aol cd and only got one usable pick out of 8 punches)
This amazing punch can be used to completely obliterate the numbers, and name on an old card, and give guitar picks at the same time. The edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. One of those soft nail sticks that the ladies carry around work very well to get the rough edges removed.
When this little plastic gizmo arrived, I admit I had low expectations for it. At first it seemed a bit awkward to adjust on the neck and I figured the plastic would soon break. I really did not expect much accuracy in tuning, either.I have used this for a couple of months now, switching from electric to acoustic to classical guitars several times daily and am happy to report it works and works well.I may invest in one for each instrument and just leave it on the neck. Good product for guitar players out there who need a cheap but good tuner. It works as well as my expensive model I was using and I don't have to stick it on the guitar body. Worth checking out!
I have the older version of this as well this newer one.  The older one is more responsive to various instruments that can be hard to tune this way, like banjos, mandolins.  Sometimes this new one just won't &#34;hear&#34; the string being tuned unless it's 'encouraged'.  That wasn't the case with the first model.  It's not as completely accurate as some other headstock tuners but it will get your instrument quite close and then your ear should dictate.  The buttons can be easily confused until you are certain which one does what without looking at it. You could find the tuning being done several semi-tones below standard because you inadvertently touched one of the arrow buttons.  The older model has only two little buttons and not as many settings or choices.  And these won't clamp positively to some headstocks due to neck thickness at the nut, spacing between the tuners or the quantity of other things people want to clamp to the headstock.  But if you get it well clamped, it will stay there in the case or in use.
I have a vintage banjo with exquisite inlay and this tuner is almost invisible. It doesn't obscure the pearl inlay and works well as a tuner.
You know, any time a company actually sticks a battery in the box with their product, it just puts a smile on my face. Planet Waves has not only made a great, small, easy to install and easy to use tuner, they included the battery. That's an A+ in my book.I've got a 12-string acoustic guitar. Pretty much every time I go to sit down and play, I would waste a good 5 minutes grabbing my old tuner, balancing it on my knee, and trying to tune up. With this head stock tuner sitting on the guitar, I just turn it on and quickly get in tune and down to the serious business of jamming. It truly makes the task many times easier. The display is easy to read. It's read when the string is way off and green when you're close, using lines on either side of the key/letter to indicate sharp or flat, or right smack dab in tune.If I had the money, I'd stick one of these on all my guitars. As it is, having it on my 12-string is going to save me hassle and time. This baby is worth every penny and I highly recommend it to any guitarist.
Broke one of my Snark tuners when I kept it on a guitar while putting it in the case to take to a gig and decided I needed a tuner I could keep on any guitar while it was in any case.Pros:- Fits on any guitar- ...which then fits in any case- Cheap- AccurateCons:- Calibration button and on/off button are same shape, same size, and on the same tiny surface. Very easy to hit the wrong one.- Not great (poor viewing angle) for 3-on-a-side tuners (works better for 6 in-line tuners)- Not as easy to read as the SnarkOther thoughts:I only use this on a guitar that I play for only one song at shows (because the song requires two capos and a detuned string, don't ask.) I much prefer the Snark, but apparently I can't be bothered to remember to remove a tuner before putting my toys away. Idiot. At shows I rely on a tu-2 stompbox for tuning. Basically, this is a niche tuner. It's so stinking small and that's what counts.
Small... very small and sits right behind the headstock and very easy to see and READ. It is very accurate.  What else can I say except that this is a really great idea and it works!!!
This is another great product by D'Addario - I have used several tuners like the regular Snark (several versions), the Snark S1 Mini Clip (also known as 'Son of a Snark'), the Planet Waves Headstock Tuner, the Peterson SC-1 Strobo Tuner, the Korg HTB-1 and the Q7 Chromatic Headstock Tuner. This D'Addario Micro NS Tuner tops all those with ease. It is super easy to use and more precise than all the others (compared using several tuning computer softwares and the Korg Pitchblack floor pedal on my tests). The rotation feature is great and the visual metronome feature comes very handy, like when programming a delay pedal with more precision. The clip that holds the tuner to the guitar is very good, holds very well to your guitar headstock (doesn't matther the brand) and with stay snug there without damaging your guitar's finish. It is very light and you will hardly know it's there once playing - Highly recommended. Cheers!
I have used many clip-on guitar tuners. They are a wonderful innovation and certainly easier to use than the older rectangular chromatic tuners that do not attach to the instrument. One of my favorites has become the Planet Waves clip on. I have several of them and use them often on many guitars. Based on this experience, I was anticipating a better experience with this new Mini Headstock Tuner than I wound up getting.It tunes nicely and, so far as my ear is concerned, accurately. Others found it awkward to attach - I did not. It is small and unobtrusive but easy to read. Those are not problems. What is wrong is simply the cheap and fragile the construction of the device.This fragility is conspicuous in both the difficulty in removing the battery cover and, more importantly, in the too-delicate manual clamp used to fasten it onto an instrument.The fundamental issue is that in lieu of the spring clips that we used to attach other versions of the Planet Waves tuners to the guitars, this one has a basic manual expand and contract clamp. This clamp is made out of thin plastic, is difficult to adjust and I expect it to break after only a short time. Consequently, I cannot recommend this tuner if the user needs to be moving it from one instrument to the other.If the need is for a tuner that attaches to ONE instrument and will, essentially, live there, it is nice little tuner which remains functionally invisible to all but the player. If you need to move the tuner from instrument to instrument, you would be well advised to spend a few more dollars and stick with the clip-on versions of Planet Waves tuners.November 28,2011 UPDATEHaving used this tuner for a while now, I have found that it has a good purpose. While this tuned does have mobility issues as I initially noted, I have been surprised (and pleased)to realize that they are wonderful 'permanent' tuners for acoustic guitars! They are so small as to be unobtrusive and nearly invisible. I leave them on my 12-strings and one of the 6's. A non-built-in-built-in tuner at this price cannot be beat. Based on this belated realization, I have raised the product rating to 4-stars.
When I got this I thought it was a cheap toy-like thing, but when I put it on my banjo, it perched on the head and was practically invisible to anybody else, but easy to see when I needed it.  It's red when out of tune and green when in tune.  It does have small lines to tell you you are close to being tuned.  I love it when I am the only one using it.  Unlike the clamp kind, like the Snark, it's hard to share.  The clamp seems flimsy and ratchets open and closed and takes a little getting used to, so between my husband and me using it, I'm afraid the thing will break.  I play the banjo and it fits nicely on the head, but my husband has to find a place at the end of his acoustical guitar for it.
As a musician I'm in search of many perfect things including the perfect tuner.  I got the package of two.  Unfortunately, the first one died a quick and sudden death.  A new battery didn't resurrect it.  I couldn't find the other one, because they're small and black.  I finally did find it, and have used it several weeks on my Guild Acoustic, and it works nicely so far. In fact, it works really nice.  If you are concerned about stage appearance, this is virtually invisible to anyone watching or videotaping the gig, a plus because it's pretty small but big enough to read.  At the cheap price, it wasn't worth my time to try returning the first one.  I just decided to eat the loss.  I'm crossing my  fingers hoping this one will last.  If you are playing a really nice, (collectible) guitar, be cautious because these tuners, (and capos too,) can damage the finish permanently. I use a tuner on my Gibson Johnny Smith while I play but always take it off when I'm done playing.
The NS Mini chromatic headstock tuner quickly recognized twelve pitches across a multi-octave range of electric bass, guitar and mandolin. The accidentals appear as sharps or flats toggled using the alternate functions of the frequency button.The tuner's view window is slightly larger than a Chiclet but brightness and resolution are fine for dimly-lit spaces.  One thing that's less than ideal is the charcoal color of the tuner itself. If you've ever dropped stuff on dark stages you know what I mean. I'd wager the back of most headstocks skew to lighter tones than darker, so if discretion is what the manufacturer is emphasizing, a lighter color may work better.The notes appear red when out of tune; their color changes to green as a `rough marker'.  You then continue fine tuning using the vertical bars that appear on both sides of the note.  They've gone to lengths to make the tuner stage-friendly, but I'd much prefer the green color mean ` fine tuned and done'.  That way I can look from a distance. I should only have to bother with the bars if I'm struggling to home in (and in my experience that's the exception rather than the rule and usually caused by: new strings, slack under the bridge pins, a slipping tuner, etc.  Mid-life strings tend to stretch and loosen predictably, so long as you don't use a lot of altered tunings.The NS is designed to be clipped discretely to your instrument headstock and viewed from the back. I'm a lefty and, unlike some other tuners, I appreciate the swiveling base that allows me to view the screen right-side up.The viewer doesn't extend far above the headstock surface and felt a bit cramped on my L4 with large New Yorker-style tuners.  On headstocks with more bare wood like a Strat, or even my A-style mandolin, it was easier to find a comfortable spot for viewing that didn't obstruct my hand while turning keys.At first I didn't like the ratchet clamp that attaches to the headstock. I could attach the tuner with one hand by squeezing the clamp tight but it felt like I needed two to remove it: one to press the release and another to pull the clamp out. After a little practice, however, I found this wasn't the case and the touch required isn't difficult at all.The tuner's constructed in a high-impact composite, similar to those parachute-style clamps you see on backpacks. It feels durable and very unlikely to break, although I didn't try stomping on it.I was impressed the battery comes uninstalled in a separate small bag.  The battery door has a concave slot for easy opening with a pick or a coin. The tuner has an auto-shutoff function to preserve battery life.The power and frequency buttons are just nibs really; I'd prefer they be larger with more surface and a bit of click to them. The tuner can be calibrated in integer steps from 430 to 450 if 440 doesn't work for you.One advantage of a chromatic tuner is you can tune to a chord and aren't limited to (usually) diatonic open strings.  For myself, I only use tuners to set the pitch of one string, usually the low A for guitar or bass and low G for mandolin. In my opinion, tuning a fretted instrument completely by open strings is only slightly better than tuning it completely with harmonics - and neither does the job well. Intonation is subject to a bunch of variables: string action and thickness, neck relief, fret condition, nut and bridge condition.Once I have a single string to pitch I match fretted and open string unisons and octaves. After a while you learn which combination works best for each instrument.I used to love staring at those Pignose-sized 'strob-a-tuners' sitting on amps and never faulted a musician who took their time to tune accurately (I wish many more did). I'm not quite sure how we went from, 'We tune because we care' to 'I'm so embarrassed to be standing here tuning I hope no one notices', but the NS Mini Headstock tuner - questionable design choices and all - does what it says with a minimum of fuss.
This little tuner is sweet! I put it on my strat-style guitar and it works brilliantly. Agree with another reviewer in that it would probably not work well on my Les Paul or Acoustics, but for the 6-in line guitars it's perfect. It is very precise and accurate, leading you to perfect tuning every use. I totally recommend this product - you won't be dissappointed.
Compared to the SnarkSnark SN-1 Tunertuners, I really like the low profile / leave it on the instrument design of this tuner. The Snark goose neck is easily broken, and hard to keep safe in a gig bag. This works much better in that regard. This one is fairly bright and easy to see in all lighting conditions. It mounts very positively and seems to sense all strings fine.  Tuning accuracy? Hard to say- it just indicates high / low / on pitch, really. I prefer the more precise and wider scale +/1 readout of the Snark. They are much more precise- nearly good enough to intonate an instrument. But this is probably good enough for most, just to get dialed in at the rehearsal or gig.The negatives, and why I can't recommend it are as follows. The battery cover on mine fits very loosely. I worry the battery will fall out very easily. I may end up gluing it in place. It isn't immediately obvious where the battery goes or how to open it, and there's no indicator which way the battery goes in (+ is up I think).  The second fault is that once it is on your headstock the string note letters display perpendicular to the user- that's right, sideways.  On a bass, I don't really need it to tell me which string I'm plucking or tuning, but I still find myself craning my neck sideways to read it. It wouldn't be so hard to read either if the letters weren't so highly stylized, but then turn it on its side, and it is just unreadable - for me, anyhow. I just can't for the life of me work out why they designed it this way.
First, I've noticed that many reviews here are for the "original" NS tuner, the one with only two buttons and "coin slot" battery cover. This one is a little smaller, has a metronome flasher, and the battery installs differently, but the name/model evidently didn't change.  I compared this new one, the "original", and the latest Snark on dreadnought guitar, mandolin, and 5-string banjo.Pros: Size, size, and SIZE!!Reasonably accurateMounting clip better than beforeGood priceMetronome flasher maybe for some?Cons:  Display not as bright as othersContrary to their description, this one seems less sensitive than original.Battery compartment difficult to openMay not fit well on some headstocks. On my wife's A style mandolin it fits but barely. On my slothead guitar it alsobarely fits.  That being said, I haven't found anything I can't use it on.My take.... The Snark was the better of the three in terms of accuracy, lock in speed, and visibility however I really dislike the "eyeball on a stick" form factor and refuse to use it on stage!  I like the fact that the NS is unobtrusive and can be left on the instrument, I even in leave 'em on in the case. The display and lock in speed of the original NS was better than the new one but the new one seems a bit more accurate for me. I'll keep the new NS tuners for now and hope that D'Adarrio (or someone) improves on it with a better processor and LED.
I've been playing guitar more than 35 years and have used a lot of electronic tuners.  The first was slightly larger than a paperback book and cost what a cheap guitar sells for today.  But it was a godsend tuning up backstage while another band was playing.  Over the years tuners have gotten smaller, cheaper, and easier to use.  The Planet Waves PW-CT-12 is my new favorite.It is very small - a little bit larger than a grape.  Despite some of the other reviews I have used it with good results on a Strat, Tele, Les Paul, and ES-335 electrics and on acoustics from Martin, Gibson, National Resophonic, and Voyage Air.  I clamp it on the headstock between the nut and the low-E tuner.  I didn't expect it but it is out of the way enough to leave on while playing.  Previous to this my favorite tuner was a chromatic ukulele tuner built to clamp on the top of the headstock.  Small and accurate but to use it behind the headstock I have to read it upside down.  The PW-CT-12 is nicely out of the way even when I play an F chord with my thumb on the low E string.  It's so light I don't notice it's there.The display is bright and easy to see in most light.  A bit hard to read in direct sunlight but I do my best to avoid playing without shade anyway.  The display is small - a dime can cover most of it - but the characters are large enough to read in normal playing position.  The '#' sharp symbol is small but once you are familiar with the display you recognize it.  (No flat symbol.  Bb is displayed as A#.)  The tuner has auto shutoff to make the battery last longer.  The display uses bars to the side of the note letter and color to indicate tuning.  It's red until you get close then green with a bar on each side when you are in tune (for example, |E|).  I found it to be stable enough to be easy to use for quick tune ups between songs.These are inexpensive and intended to be discrete so the clamp is small and thin.  Rough handling will probably break it.  I notice that the clamp is easily removed so I'm guessing Planet Waves may sell replacements.  The clamp was not intuitive the first time but the instructions do cover it.  It is a ratchet rather than a clamp.  You press a small tab and gently pull the clamp out then push it down on the guitar neck.  For this reason this is not a tuner to pass around.  It's meant to be left on an instrument.  (It's small enough that you can leave it on in the case.)  If you need a tuner that is moved frequently there are better (and larger) choices.  It can be moved but it is a good tuner to set and forget.  I'm going to buy a couple more to leave on my most frequently used guitars.Other reviewers commented on accuracy.  If you want strobe accuracy there are better choices.  For that kind of accuracy you also need a larger display.  This tuner will get you close quickly and you can use your ears to fine tune if necessary.  I haven't had a problem except with guitars that have built-in intonation problems (like old Nationals) and they need tweaking even after a Peterson Strobe.Soapbox: especially if you are a new player, do yourself a favor and learn to tune your guitar by ear!  Try tuning the strings to a reference pitch or each other then use the tuner to check.  Learning to tune by ear will help you in more ways than I have time to list.  Being able to hear the intervals in a chord and know which string is off is an invaluable skill.  People that can only tune with a tuner will take much longer to develop that, if ever.
I thought to try this tuner after my gig bag decided to break my Snark SN-2's neck (fragile plastic socket of the ball & socket joint bent with stress). Functionally, I prefer the SN-2, which seems to do slightly more sample averaging while remaining responsive, displaying less &#34;bounciness.&#34; I also prefer the SN-2 display. However, there's *a lot* to be said about the small form factor, which I can leave on the headstock without risk of damage. Now I keep an NS on each of the mandolins that travel with me and I keep a Snark clipped to the music stand at home.
It stays out of the way on my guitar, however, be aware that the mounting tab gets a little loose.  I am going to try glue to keep it holding its grip.
The Planet Waves tuner works effectively on acoustic and electric guitars, using the instruments vibrations to read pitch.  The tuner seems to be reasonably accurate, is lightweight, and is easy to read without being obtrusive to the audience.  It is also nice that such an inexpensive and small tuner can be adjusted to standards on either side of A-440.  Note that the photo of the tuner shows it on the headstock of a Fender-style electric guitar.  It works particularly well on the instrument shown because of the fact that the tuners are all on the same side of the headstock.  On something like a Gibson jazz guitar (ES-175, or one of the Epiphone or Ibanez clones, for example) it's more difficult to find an ideal place to attach the tuner.  Classical and acoustic steel-string guitars are also a tad problematic, too.  It's not that this tuner is unusable on other types of headstocks, it's just that the design limits where you can place it and still have it readable right-side up.  Some headstocks, too, may be too thick in order to attach this tuner.  As long as it fits on your guitar, the Planet Waves tuner is highly recommended.
I primarily play live and I am a tone-o-holic. In other words, I use high end pedals, cables, amps and pickups and try to keep as little as possibel between my guitar and amp. I bought a couple of these so I could have one on both my main and backup guitar. No more need for a pedal based tuner. These work that well and are almost undetectable from the front. They also won't mark up your prized instrument.
This guy is great if you want to mount it on your guitar without a big clip-on gizmo that people see easily. Downside is that it is so small it's hard to tell what button you are pushing and it's not terribly easy to turn off and on (Do I push again? Push and hold?). Also, the screen to read if you are in tune is so small that sometimes judging how close you are to being in tune is hard. This being said, it's a nice tuner and stays on. Also, I should point out that while it does clip on, it's not as easy to move from one instrument to the other as some other tuners.
One was Dead on Arrival, the other one works like a champ. I like the old version more. These are a little tricky to mount but do track well, and are not obnoxious looking like the Snark tuners.
I purchased a couple sets of these to try them out.  They are small and unobtrusive digital tuners which can be left attached for easily keeping your instrument in tune.  They seem slower to lock then my Snark tuners, and the visual scale is not as precise, but they do seem to work fairly well.  The ratcheting mechanism holds tightly on my guitars, and they can be stored in the case attached.  Its nice having a tuner right there at the ready whenever you need it.UPDATE:  Downgrading my rating by 1 star.  Having used four NS MicroTuners for a couple of weeks, on four different instruments, I have to say that, in comparison to my Snark tuners, the NS Micro Tuner is slow to lock, and difficult to tune precisely.  With the Snark (any of them...I have several models) I can usually pluck a string once and tune the string in seconds.  With the NS Microtuners, I have to repeatedly pluck a string, and the tuner is slow to display the adjustment.  Sometimes I have to pluck a string several times before the NS Microtuner acknowledges a string has been played at all!  It is also very difficult to get the tuning precisely on target. |E| would be a perfectly tuned "E", but one of the side indicators is always flickering and getting it perfect takes patience and repeated effort.  I still like having them clipped to an instrument for a quick check, but when I want to be precise (and fast) I always reach for the Snark.
Seems like it draws current, even when it's OFF. I have two guitars, and this thing stays with one guitar. I make sure to turn this tuner OFF before putting the guitar away, and when I get around to playing the guitar again (7 to 10 days later), the battery is already drained. This happened at least three times already. The tuning is slightly off from an inline tuner that I have to compare against. I don't know which one is more accurate. The good thing is it's very convenient to have almost instant reading when you need it. I probably won't buy again for my other (and future) guitars.

Great product. Accurate, small, functional, inexpensive, better battery life to previous generations, very good quality, adapts easily to any type of guitar heads.
Update:  We received a replacement for this item. It does everything it was advertised to do, and it performs quite well, although the clip on the new one doesn't grip as well as the first.  The device tunes within 6/10ths cent as compared to a stroboscopic piano tuner. Our thanks to D'Addario for their assistance in satisfying this customer!Please check our reviews.  We review regularly, and rarely have anything poor to say about products.Unfortunately, we cannot remain positive with this device.  Our small band keeps an average of 8 instrument tuners at the ready.  We have several NS1 models that work flawlessly, as well as TG-200 models that we really like.This one seems to consume coin-cell batteries at an unacceptable rate.  On average, it 'eats' a battery a day.  It also has a much darker display, making it hard to read unless the stage is quite dark.  One would think that if the display were darker, less power would be drawn from the battery.  Average room lighting is too bright to use this tuner.We do like the ability to rotate the display, so that the tuner can be mounted in front or behind the headstock, with the display maintaining proper orientation. Unfortunately the poor performance means that this unit will find its way into the junk-drawer on the workbench.
I own several small tuners, including the Enote nano tuner and the Snark. In comparison to those, I would say its most like the Enote when it comes to size, but definitely more accurate and responsive.  In comparison to the Snark, its not as quick to respond but still does an adequate job tuning.  Its a great size and fits nicely in the pocket of a gig bag and isnt quite as large as the Snark. Anyway, it all comes down to preference I suppose.  I would recommend it.
Yes!  I finally have a tuner that fits right on my guitar headstock!  It never needs to be removed!  It's accurate.  It's easy to use.  It's low-profile.  Highly recommended.
This little tuner is excellent. Very accurate. I love it. I have other tuners but this one is the best. I didn't realize it was so small. I was concerned when I first open the package because of it's size. But this mini tuner is just plain amazing. I'm glad I bought it.
After years of having a large, awkward tuner I was thrilled to learn about this modest little clip on. So much more discreet to do a little last minute tune up when you're already on the stage.I love that the lights are bright and easy to see, unlike one previous tuner I had that was very hard to read. Dark grey letters on a light grey screen. Even better is that the light colors are different for flat, sharp and on-tune which makes it even easier. May not seem like a big deal when you're tuning alone at your house, but when you're on a stage with other people doing a lot of last minute adjustments and your attention is all over the place, those little details really help.The only real drawback I see in the design is that there is no place on the head of my 6 string acoustic where I can conveniently clip this without it being somewhat in the way of the tuning knobs. Not impossible, but not terribly convenient, either. It was seemingly designed with an electric style in mind where the knobs are more often in one straight line than on either side of the guitar head.The $80 tuner I bought 20 years ago is a Sabine, and quite frankly, 20 years later it still works as well as it did when I bought it. In fact, the price has come down and I bought another one to keep in a different guitar case. Now that I have this one I still use the Sabine more at home, but like this one better on stage because it's low profile. Looks more professional and I like that.
This unit is very small and tucks away nicely.  It is easy to use.  I do wish they would make the bracket a little stronger but it works well.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Very Nice!!
First it tunes very accurately. Second its low profile, I keep it tucked under the head stock, the crowd can't really see and I it is completely usable if I need to quickly tune during the set and my ears aren't cutting it.  Third, buy it if you are looking for a new tuner.
I really like this tuner.  I have always liked the Planet Waves tuners for ease of use and accuracy.  This mini tuner takes all I like about the larger Planet Waves model and makes it ultra compact.  It fits nicely on smaller intstruments such as mandolin and any instrument with headstocks that don't readily accept the larger tuners (banjo, Telecaster etc.).  I currently have 2 of these and find them very reliable and accurate.  Easy to read.  Easy to see.Another winner from Planet Waves.  (almost forgot to mention one other thing that is nice about this tuner is its stealth ... it can hide behind the headstock so you won't be concerned with it being always clipped on and it won't interfere with the look of your instrument).
Cool little digital tuner  that works great on my ukulele. Small and unobtrusive, unlike my other digital tuners.  I like the backlit display with simple markings that make easy to tell if you are in tune with a quick glance.  Highly recommended.
Very cool little product for those of us who cannot tune by ear yet and don't want to wander around looking for our tuner that we can never find.
This is a product that is unique, tiny and would be very useful-- if it were more accurate.  The problem is it's just not responsive enough.  To get it to work one has to place it low on the headpiece (next to the nut) and strum a string pretty loud for a consistent register.  Placing it at the top of the headpiece it simply doesn't pick up enough string vibration to register well.The problem with placing it next to the nut is that it then makes it impossible to hang the guitar on a wall-mount guitar hanger.  That may seem like a small issue... but not if you use such a device regularly (as many home-players do).  Myself, I have 5 guitars hanging on my living room wall.That doesn't make this valueless.  You can always clip it on the top of the headpiece and then move it when you're ready to tune.  Thus I give it 3 stars.  However there are other more responsive tuners, such as the capo-tuners we've seen on Amazon lately.  They're about the same price (actually, the capo tuners are a bit less-expensive) but I've found the capo-tuners to be considerably more responsive.So bottom line, I'm not impressed.  These aren't an expensive tuner comparatively speaking, and that's good.  But they' really don't do all that great a job.  They're unresponsive enough that I honestly think a person might break a string before realizing the tuner isn't responding to the current string pluck.Note to Ovation guitar players:  this is not the clip-on tuner for you.  There's simply no place to clip it.  Fortunately my Ovation has built-in tuning, but if you have an Ovation Acoustic, you'll want a different tuner.
Beware! This tuner works by guitar vibration. If your playing loud with other people you'll have to ask them to stop playing so you can tune. Not recommended for band environments. Probably ok for solo gigs or home practice. Otherwise its very stealth and easily clips on most guitars.
Easily installed on my parlor guitar. The oval shape helps retain the strap and looks kewl. Installation is not rocket science.
These end pins are so simple and logical that I'm surprised it's taken the design process this long to get to this point. I used to use Schaller straplocks but they're not compatible with all straps. If the end leather/material is too thick, the lock won't fit. I enjoy the elliptical endpin design, as it helps me feel confident the strap will stay on, but I can easily remove the strap or use another on the guitar. I highly recommend you try this out if you're looking for a great way to keep your strap secured.
Item came with two sets of screws, a long set and a shorter set. Looks good on my Yamaha acoustic guitar. Holds my strap well. I am happy I bought this.
I must first state for the record, I hate strap locks. Hate may be a bit shy of the mark, actually. I've never met a set I liked in any single way.  I've only ever dropped an instrument that HAD strap locks on it. In fact, EVERY instrument I've owned with strap locks has suffered a gravity attack caused by the very device intended to prevent such misfortune. Schaller type strap locks tend to come unscrewed- even with Locktite. When you install them, you are compressing the nut and washer against a compressible material (leather, nylon, etc), so it is never really tight. Plus there's only about two threads on the slim little nut, and if they aren't a really tight match to the other half, wear very quickly (especially since you have to tighten them so often). Duncan type often suffer from 'non-positive lock syndrome' if not regularly cleaned and lubed. Then there's the fact that unless all of your instruments are equipped with the same brand of lock buttons, your strap is only compatible with the ones which match. And then there is the the metal-on-metal clankyness. Yuck. Oh, and and the cost. Moving on.Why are these little Elliptical End Pins so brilliant? They are NOT strap locks. If you orient the widest points horizontally when you install them - as you should, then in order to put your strap on and take it off, you will need to turn the strap 90 degrees to the instrument. This isn't something you are likely to do inadvertently while reaching for your beer onstage. Sometimes the simplest design is the best design. And they're pretty, too.Downsides? I will say the screws supplied with these are pretty short, but then I would also argue there is no reason to not use the screws holding in the original strap buttons as long as they fit tightly. If they don't, using smaller or shorter screws is not the answer- especially considering if the screws cut new threads, you're pretty much- uh, screwed. The washers these come with are pretty small too, so I just used the screws and felt washers that came with the factory buttons. With a brand new strap, they can be a bit tricky to get on, but just as tricky to get off (which is good). That tight fit could cause some increased wear on the strap, especially if it is made from cheap materials. With older straps, just as with any traditional strap button, you need to develop a good habit of always checking the positive seat of the strap, but it is very easy to verify, and again much less likely to slip than a traditional button. Mechanical strap locks actually require just as much diligence to ensure they are still securely fastened and working properly. But with strap locks, if there's a problem, you'll have to grab some tools to fix it - or replace it entirely. Talk about a false sense of security. With PE's Elliptical End Pins, you just put the strap where it should be and you're set.If you are one who is taken to doing back-flips, or find yourself frequently using your strapped instrument like a hula-hoop onstage, then these probably won't save your precious instrument from the gravity goblin or inertia monkey's worst intentions. But if either of these antics are your norm, you might be better served by a permanently attached strap, or perhaps therapy.Since writing the review above, I've ordered several more sets to use on all of my basses. I'm done with traditional strap buttons and don't imagine ever going back to metal on metal strap locks.
These strap pins are fantastic. They securely hold the strap on your guitar very nicely. The oval shape is perfect. There is no need for proprietary or expensive "strap locks". They are easy to install. These elliptical pins are great. Terrific yet simple concept. They also look great! I highly recommend these to anyone who has a guitar. I will never use strap locks again after trying these. Great value.
It works and cleans the strings, but its durability is a little low, for about 2 months. I recommend Planet Waves String Cleaner if you plan to use a really good cleaner.
bought because cheap and trying to keep my electric guitar strings in good shape if I decide to pick it up again.
I have tried many string cleaners and so far this one is as good as any.  I like the applicator, and will just need to see how long it lasts.
The perfect wall mount for a ukulele. My daughter loves it. Instrument looks great on her wall, and it is easier than taking out of a case to practice. Installs in 5 minutes with included drywall anchors and screws (or mount to wall studs).
While this hanger is not unattractive, and is well built I could and will modify it to better suit my needs.  The design of the hanger causes the neck of the &#34;uke&#34; to stand off of the wall 2+ inches at the head and 3-1/2 inches at the hanger itself and 3 inches at the base of the body.  This is not an easy fix but it is doable.
Just like the ones in the store.  We mounted our two ukes on these.  Put our hangers in studs, but they come with those plastic gizmos for drywall.  Heavy duty and nice looking.  Great price.  You just can't beat the speed and convenience of Amazon.
Great deal for the price. Works fine, but like all cheap pickups it basically makes my acoustic sound like a clean electric. Did the job for what I needed. Now I know I would love a better one like a Fishman.
this pickup for the price is just as good as one that cost 4 tom 5 times as muchif your looking for one that wont break your bank but sounds good this is the one
Very handy,  I just slip this into the sound hole, hook it up to my amp, and then, when I finish playing, I slip it back out.  This is handy when I practice at night when my wife is sleeping.
when it works good its great but sometimes it gets static-y I wish it had a volume in line not much more to say
This pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! I hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit.It's NUTS being able to rock out on my amp with an acoustic!!!!
This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric.  I did find out there may be a little feed back from the amp if you get too close.
A couple of my friends and I own this pickup and use it to amplify our acoustic guitars through a mixer and loudspeaker system.  Works really well considering how inexpensive it is.  It's very easy to install and remove, but be sure you have a fairly standard-sized sound hole in your guitar to ensure that it will fit and be reasonably stable.
I had just bought an electric acoustic and while I was ordering that I just went ahead and picked one of these up as well because I figured what the heck it's under $20 and maybe my full size acoustic might work well with it. So I got it and th only thing I had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. I recommend it for those who are looking for a simple solution to making their acoustic, electric so that they can play it through their amp.
Very inexpensive soundhole pickup with a impressive sound.Very high gain,fits in all size soundholes.Good heavy construction.Of course it's not great.I'm not on stage or anything so works fine for a novice like myself.If you have a Taylor, Martin or Gibson that's not already AE this is not for you & I probably didn't even need to say that!!I just have a cheep Rogue that sounds good with this pickup.It's just a matter of how much you want to (or can) spend.I'm happy with this pickup!!Joe
I've used my HDE pickup for about a month now. I use it with a Fender Frontman amp. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. I highly recommend this product. I'll probably get a second one for a backup, while I can get it at the present price.
Low strings do not get picked up very well but is ok if you are just strumming. For the price it is a good deal.
Have used them for years, bought some new guitars, had to have.  Wish they had something for Acoustic Electric 1/4&#34; backplug
These on my guitar as a replacement to some old ones and they work well.  I have had no problems with them.
I put them on a Dipinto Mach V with that Levis Rat fink guitar strap I need to exchange. I use this on all my guitars. I tried some off brands and I've found it worth the extra few dollars to get the real deal.
About ten years ago, I installed strap locks on my first guitar (Fender Stratocaster). They worked well and were easy to install. I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. I had to drill additional holes no two guitars (Gibson SGs). Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller. The components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than Dunlop. It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice. I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning. I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results.
I just bought a Rickenbacker 4003 that came with Schaller strap locks pre-installed.  I've used Dunlops before, but those would require redrilling the holes to put them on the bass, so I just bought the Schaller buttons.  I don't quite like their look as well as the large round Dunlops, but there's no question about the quality -- these are not going to fall off the bass anytime soon.
Sounds great, easy to adjust.  Nice shape to help fit it on a compact pedal board. Worth price hands down.
does a good job for a basic delay...good for rockabilly and 50's slap echo. I needed it for nothing else so I'm happy. :)
I collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and that's because I'm trying to see how & where I can use a new pick. My first pick was a shark fin and I loved all of the ways you could hit the strings with those picks. Now we have the BEEHOLD picks.What I like about this pick is the 'stinger' or the longer point to hit the strings with. Sure the octagon hole in the center makes it less of a challenge to hold on to but that's not been much of a hindrance to me. Rather this pick's design makes it easier for my holding hand to hit the strings without my palm's fleshy part accidentally touching the strings.I found running leads & scales with this pick to be a delight! I like heavier picks so I chose the 1.00 mm as that was the size I started off with from my first guitar teacher who recommended heavy picks. I've found this pick to be great for strumming & rhythm patterns equally as well as for serious lead playing.Another thing is that with the design, I've found that I need not squeeze this pick as hard as I have to like I do with a Tortex pick and that makes playing so much more fun.Overall I give this pick 5 out of 5 stars & will be using these for many years to come.
Not my favorite pick but pretty close, they are solid and haven't dropped one yet..I wish someone would make a grippy texture pick with a hole in it too...
I have recently come back to the guitar after several years on hiatus. I have several bad habits, including a tendency to need to grip the pick too tightly or I drop it at some point. On a bit of a lark I bought a pack of the Clayton BeeHolds (0.5mm,) and really like them. The hexagonal hole really does make them stay in place with much less grip required, and I find the hole to be in a very natural-feeling spot. The pick is fairly long, but I have not had any accuracy problems with them, and so far durability has been good.I still use other picks too, but I really like these and can't imagine not keeping an ample supply on hand.
I wanted to try the Clayton Beehold picks to see if the hole would help me grip the pick better so that it doesn't rotate in my hand.The .80 pick is a little too heavy for my style of playing but the hole is a neat idea and did seem to help a bit, but I gave up on the pick pretty quickly due to the stiffness.
This holder grips the IPad tightly so a sudden fall is not an issue.  The rotation to vertical is good but it would be nice if it went both left or right.  Because the arms don't collapse it's a bit bulky to transport in a gear bag but its positive clamping offsets that issue. I've seen some with folding arms that have dropped IPads suddenly because something came loose.  Where I fell down was not ordering the K and M clamp arm that comes as a package under a different order number.  I've since seen that arm in use and it would improve the versatility of this unit, though the package is pretty spendy. I could not order that arm separately.  I mounted this holder onto a short mic stand by using two mic stand quick releases - one for the holder and one for the mic stand boom arm. Then the whole thing breaks down quickly to stuff into a bag.
It is well made and is very safe unless a drunk drummer knocks over your stand. I would prefer more tilt, but it serves the purpose. It's Also harder to use your iPad without holding it and having an arm rest. Very durable and light weight. If I had to do it over again, I would use a music stand instead. Someday I may use it on stage. It's made in Germany, so it could be taken into battle.
My ipad lives on this thing!  I might be considered the laziest person around but I use a mic stand to place my ipad over my head so I can watch movies in bed while laying down.  I sometimes feel like I'm in a spaceship when I go to interact with my ipad.  I do wish it could rotate both directions.  It only goes from hamburger style to hotdog style by way of a right turn which is great if the stand sits on the right side of the bed.  But if you sleep on the left you're gonna have a bad time...
I had been using a regular music stand for my ipad but our stage is a little bouncy, so i wanted something that would grip the iPad.  this stand does the trick.  I don't have to worry anymore about my iPad falling off of the stand.  Some people have said that it's not as safe when you rotate it to the portrait position.  I have not found that to be true.  Since I've had the stand, I have never droped the iPad out of it.  A lot of the other clips clamp on to the stand with the mic.  Because of the way that I stand with my guitar, it's hard for me to see the thing when I use the clamp kind.  This one uses the Mic clip treads and because it's on it's own stand, I can put it anywhere, at any height and see the iPad.  The only drawback is, you can't have your iPad in a case.  Or you have to find a case that's ultra thin.  Otherwise it's great!
This Review is for the (JOYO CRUNCH DISTORTION)  I have a few OD's including a OCD, a fuzz and a modded Rat but thought for $30 bucks from Crazy Cart this might be a cool distortion pedal. And it is. It's very articulate and gives you good Marshally 70s/80s crunch. Cleans up nice with the guitars volume and retains your guitars sound. It's almost OD-ish in it's responsiveness. It's not super heavy distortion though. I'm a blues/classic rock guy and it'll do fine for heavy, classic rock distortion but it's not a modern metal pedal. For the price its amazing. I really love it. I'm so impressed with this pedal that I've ordered the Sweet Baby and will probably get a couple of others while they're still cheap.
not bla bla bla, this joyo pedals are the best, any you get. that's it! thank u joyo im your number 1 customer.
Good:  Plenty of gain on hand.  Lots of sustain!This thing can get really loud.  It gives yourinexpensive tube amp that Marshall crunch.Built well, it's casing is made out of metal, not plastic.Inexpensive but performs and sounds just as well asboutique boxes costing 3 times as much.  If you're lookingfor your first cheap distortion pedal, forget the Boss DS-1 andget this one!  Well worth the money.Bad:  Adds a little noise & hiss specially to single coils (strats & teles).You might need to use a noise gate to tame the noise.Quieter with humbuckers but hums when I use it with my Xotic EP Booster whichI always keep on.  It doesn't happen when I boost my overdrives (OCD & Hardwire CM-2).If you move farther away from your amp, the hum disappears butyou can still hear some noise.  I guess this is typical for distortion boxes.No need to boost it though, it already has that thick & big sound to start with.It didn't come with a 9V battery as shipped, not a big deal 'cause I use a poweradapter anyway.
I've been very happy with all of my Joyo pedal's I've gotten, but I really love this one.  I use it with a crate amp with a tube pre-amp on the clean channel with my strat and it sounds great.
A bought this pedal to see how such a cheap stomp box could get such great reviews.  Plugging it in and playing it for 5 minutes one can see.  It has tons of gain on tap, it responds well to the guitars volume knob, it creates a wall of overdriven amp tonal love.The pedal cuts through and is articulate.  It's not for modern metal but it can do any kind of hard rock.  Think AC/DC and Van Halen to Metallica.  It's a classic rock pedal that screams!!!Buy it.
According to the ad copy, this pedal "replicates Full-Stack Marshall crunch."As the other reviewers will testify, it does indeed do just that.What I'm loving about this pedal is that it really is very amp like.  Dial back the volume on your guitar and it cleans up.  Its responsive to your picking attack, its distortion is very very harmonically rich, and it does give you a Marshall type sound, good boost in the mids and bass, giving your tone the sonic density that those amps are famous for.Sad to say, it actually does the full-stack thing better than my ProCo Rat, which has for years been my favorite distortion pedal.  The Rat is fantastic and I have no plans to sell mine, don't get me wrong, but the Crunch Distortion can get the raging full-stack tones the Rat can, but has a tighter bottom end, less noise, and a more open sound than the Rat.  Individual notes ring out great on the Crunch Distortion.  Its a great pedal period.  Its a darn guitar miracle at $40.As a side point, I play lots of Ramones stuff and this pedal, more than any other, gives me that awesome Johnny Ramone tone.  I was running my gold-top with P-90's into this pedal, then into the sparkling clean '65 twin reverb setting on my Fender Mustang II (this pedal plays well with modeling amps, which is a rarity, let me tell you) and with some tweaking I was getting a FANTASTIC Ramones tone, better than I've ever got with my Rat, my Boss DS-1, DS-2, HM-2, ANYTHING else I've owned (and I've owned over 2 dozen other dirt boxes over the years).  This is the pedal that finally did it, it just nails that cranked 70's Marshall stack sound.My hat's off to Joyo.  They made a fantastic distortion, one of the very best I've ever played, and they're practically giving it away.  Buy one, you'll use it, you'll love it, you'll be happy you bought it.
i own this pedal and the one it is cloned from. there is no difference in the sound at all. this pedal is a hot rodded marshall in  a box.it does 80's hair band and 80's metal very well.if you're looking for those sounds you will not be dissapointedif you are looking for more variety of marshall sounds and the authentic &#34;plexi&#34; or &#34;brown&#34; sound get the joyo british. it nails those sounds well.
JCM800 in a 30 dollar box? Not quite.  You can't really get there without actual tubes being distorted.To me, its good for getting that kind of over the top, wild 80s midrangey Marshall sound.  To me though, it sounds too much like a pedal, and not enough like the real deal.  To me, the Hot Plexi sounds more "real", closer than this.  That being said, this pedal can be cleaner than the hot plexi.BUT, if you turn the tone down, and scoop your amps mids significantly (I'm talking about 2 of 10 on the knob, where 0 of 10 is too much and gives you "Kill em all" style hollowness that isn't good), it gives a nice dark, throaty, lower-mid rich tone that would be great for metal.  Yes, you're not supposed to scoop the mids on the amp, but this pedal is nothing but mids and scooping them tames the fizzyness.  So it's like Ghostbusters ....sometimes you just gotta cross the streams, and it works to filter out some of the harshness. I'm not even talking about Vintage Metallica scooped, its just scooped enough so it doesn't sound harsh in the high end and mids and sounds more like the Black Sabbath to Scandinavian metal tone I like to dial in (basically dark and dry, has a ton of mids but doesn't sound like Boston at all).I use it with a Marshall Class Five, pedal's tone at about 3 of 10.  Amps tone controls (Marshall Class 5 through a 4x12) at Bass 3, Mids 1 or 2, treble 6, set to headphone mode for a darker tone.
So I agree that this pedal sounds good and the construction is very solid.However, I like to play at a substantially high volume for recording. To my surprise I hear radio noises. I tried different power supplies at different locations thru different amps and pedal boards.  Sadly the radio noise is present at high gain applications.this pedal sounds great nevertheless and worth the money. It is just you do really get what you pay for
so this is supposedly a fulltone ocd clone.  I can not comment on this as I have never owned or played one.  What I can say with over 30 years playing experience is that this is a great pedal especially when you take into account the unbelievably low price.I own this pedal, the vintage overdrive and crunch distortion. See my other reviews on these pedals. basically the vintage overdrive is a tube screamer. the crunch is a fairly high gain distortion pedal and this pedal is inbetween.It is built solidly and looks roadworthy.  It has reasonably decent components and it sounds great.  Is it of the same caliber as a $150 boutique pedal - no but it is pretty darn good esp for the asking price.  I WOULD HAVE NO ISSUE GIGGING WITH THIS UNIT.  The distortion is warm with the tone at 12 with plenty of tonal variation available and plenty of distortion variance available.  Lots of sounds in this unit.  And very very quiet.  Nice thickness to the sound with good bass and less ragged than the crunch distortion if that makes sense.  Much quieter than the other two pedals mentioned.  For classic rock  this is perfect.  maybe even metal but would go with the crunch distortion for thatOverall no concerns with this great product!
This pedal lives up to the hype. Distortion-wise, it delivers something in between a tubescreamer type OD and a full on distortion (like a Crunchbox or Rat).  I checked out several Youtube demonstrations before I took the plunge on this one.  I think the tone is actually much better in person than it appeared in the videos - more transparent and organic sounding. I have owned the Fulltone OCD in the past and this pedal is nearly identical sounding if my memory serves me correctly.  I also own a V1 Dano Cool Cat OD - which is an excellent OCD-ish pedal- but this one is getting more action these days.  I am running this into the front of either a Palomino V32 or a Jet City 20 watt combo with the amps set up just on the verge of breakup.  The pedal also plays well with others-  I am getting nice lead tones by running a TS type of OD into the front of this one.  The JF-02 is a really nice dirtbox - and not just for the price.  The fact that you can own it for 40 clams or less makes it a no-brainer for those of you who (like myself) are addicted to dirtboxes.  I have noticed some price gouging with  a few vendors on here.  Shop around.  I knew the build quality was decent because I own the Joyo Vintage Overdrive and they are both built like bricks.
I'm a 4 string rock bass player that has purchased a LOT of overdrive and fuzz pedals. Most of the overdrive pedals work very poorly on bass. They typically lose the low end or otherwise suck the punch and power out of the tone, are too fizzy and clanky in the top end, don't provide enough dynamics, or don't provide enough gain variation and are really more fuzz than overdrive.This incredible inexpensive box really nails it. You get everything from barely there overdrive to serious overdrive approaching fuzz, all with a great bass tone, with lots of your original dynamics without requiring a clean blend, and a usable tone knob to tweak to your liking.The downside is you have to live with yourself knowing that Joyo blatantly copies other designers circuits. The whole wheat side of me dislikes knowing this is an OCD ripoff. The frosted side of me loves that I saved a LOT of money buying this ripoff.
The Joyo Ultimate Overdrive is simply a great pedal. Tone adjustment is precise. The bright switch is an added bonus. Having that in place lends to greater tones and harmonics from this pedal. Construction is first rate and there is absolutly no hum, hiss, loss of signal, nor any excessive coloring of your signal. In short you get 100% drive that has a very broad range to work from. Through a tube amp it just extends the sound to levels that were not possible using the amp's gain alone. Impressive! I can clearly see why so many have stated that this pedal is so good. It just is. I'm not one to argue over perfection, and neither should anyone else that plays guitar and cares about their tone and gear. This one is a winner, hands down!And I'm not a new player either, been at it for nearly 5 decades now. I know tone, and have had great, and not so great gear. This one is a keeper! It handles everything from easy overdrive to nearly all out metal (not a metal pedal though) but it gets that drive from those huge amps of the 70's right on the money. Versatile. Smooth. Easy to dial in. What's not to like here? Forget your "boutique" pedals and save tons of money and get a great pedal.
I needed a phaser, and saw that the Joyo Vintage Phaser was rated well, and super cheap, so I bought it.  I was EXTREMELY impressed with it, and did some further research into their pedals.  This was one of their top-rated pedals, so I figured I'd give it a go.  I have to say that I am fairy impressed!  I get a wide range of tones coming out of this little box - anything from a light fuzz to a vintage-style high gain.  You won't get a modern metal crunch from it, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere.  If you want a nice distortion to replicate stuff from the 70's and 80's, then this is a great bet.  This pedal is currently plugged in, and I suspect that I'll keep it as part of my rig (unless I happen to get rich and find a nicer, boutique pedal, or get around to modding my other pedals.)As a reference:  I own several Boss distortion/over drive pedals (Japanese DS-1, SD-1, OD-3 and MT-2.)  I The Joyo JF-02 and OD-3 are the two drive pedals that I have hooked up, since they are by far the best sounding and most versatile drive pedals that I currently own.A side-note for the tone-freaks:  The peddle does seem to be a bit muddy.  It's great for jamming out power chords, but not so articulate when you're arpeggiating chords. (Still noticeable when you back off the gain on the pedal but crank the volume on the amp.)
this is a great pedal I would suggest it to anyone looking to get a pedal that would do overdrive and distortion it is a little more on the gain side and has a fizzy characteristic not to fuzzy however imo. Its fairly responsive too and the eq is opposite of say a tube screamers pronounced mids so rather flat eq. Plenty of volume and is a clone of the fulltone OCD if you want overdrive that doesn't sound like a tube screamer than this is for you. And botique quality at paupers price.true bypass so no tone loss props to joyo. P.s. crunch distortion is also an awesome pedal by joyo which does plexi tones well and is very crunchy.
This is a pretty hot pedal! Honestly, I have compared this against a Suhr Riot Distortion and an MXR Classic Distortion and quality wise, it is REALLY, REALLY hard to not hear the difference in terms of quality, tone, distortion / overdrive. Great price and well made. Joyo...nice job here!
I did not think a pedal under 40 bucks could sound this good. It does. You have to try it to believe it. I don't like the demonic face on the front though, so I knocked off a star. Otherwise it would be an easy 5 stars.
I have heard good things regarding this pedal so I was always interested, but never pulled the trigger on purchasing it. When a buddy of mine who happens to be a professional musician began talking about it, I said I think I'd better check this out.IM GLAD I DID!boys and girls time to break open the walletsgreat tone and drive within this little boxyou'll be adding it to the board just like I did
JF-02:OMFG! No need to get all OCD about emptying your Full wallet to get the Tone needed! I tried this on Strats, an LP, & a Harrington, through my slightly modded VC5212(Webber speakers)tube amp; clean channel. No hum, noisiness,,built solid. The English instructions aren't really useful as the pedal itself is self-explanatory.I'm possibly half deaf but have been doing this for 20+ years. I'll be experimenting with a tube pre and running through a solid state to see what happens. There are many factors that make tone and this is only a small part of it. Your attitude and hands create the sound in the end. A pedal does not make you play better, practice does. If you are familiar with the OCD or can get one and a/b side by side it, you'll be amazed. Cool looking pedal box to boot.
Like many others wanted the brand name pedal, drooled over it for years, just can't pull the trigger on a $130 pedal. Bought this instead and it plain rocks. I put my pedals through three tests, 1) playing alone, 2) Playing at rehearsal, and 3) gigs. This thing stands up nicely on all three. Using it with Am Sp Tele, Hiway 1 Strat, Squier 51, Epi LP Spec w/p/90 and Fender BJ, Peavey Classic 30/50. Sounds amazing in any combo. Using it as my gain along with the Joyo Vintage OD, for lead boosts. Killer set up.
50+ years playingmy pedal is unuseablethe lower strings are all mush at any gain or eq settingread all the good reviews and watched all the videosmine sounds nothing like themmaybe defectivei also own the joyo british and joyo crunch and they are flawless
I've had this for nearly a year and I have no complaints. Works perfectly. Sounds awesome. Lots of gain, tons more than my Boss SD-1 w/the Monte Allums SD808 mod.  If lost or stolen, I'd buy another. Highly recommended.
Let's get a few things straight from the start - I love effects pedals.  I love the idea of a handcrafted boutique pedal (and have owned a few), and I'll also play the mass-produced BOSS and Ibanez stuff.  And if you put foreign/no-name brand in front of me, but the pedal is made well and sounds GOOD, I'll play that too.  All you need to know is that this pedal is well-constructed and sounds darn good for 40 dollars.Joyo is a Chinese company that essentially has makes their own form factor (a heavy-duty metal box with an MXR-like button switcher), and then clones/mimics/copies circuitry of popular boutique pedals that cost anywhere from $100 to $250.  And they've figured out how to ship them to the U.S. and sell them for $40 to $60 each.  I've recently discovered these pedals, and if money/pedalboard space were no issue, there's probably 8 to 12 of them I'd like to own.The "star" of the Joyo lineup, however, is arguably the JF-02 Ultimate Drive.  This pedal got some notoriety a few years back when an American company bought them in bulk, repainted them, and tried to sell them for almost $200.  The fact that they thought they could get that much for it tells you something about the quality.The pedal this is supposedly clone off of is the Fulltone OCD Overdrive, a boutique pedal that came out several years ago, and usually sells from around $150.  I own that pedal, and I've done a side by side comparison on my pedal board.  And while tone is EXTREMELY subjective, I'm not sure that I wouldn't go with the Joyo Ultimate Drive in a blind test.  While the 3-knob, Lo/Hi switch are clearly inspired by the Fulltone OCD, the pedals actually sound quite different.  With the exact same settings, the Fulltone will actually sound much brighter.  That's really saying something because the Fulltone is known as having a very well-rounded tone with a defined base.  Well, the Ultimate Drive offers even more bass and mids, yet the Tone knob can brighten it up quite a bit without losing that bottom end.It's actually extremely versatile.  I'm not sure that it would do low-gain "crunch" sounds very well, but if that's what you want, consider the Joyo Vintage Overdrive, the Joyo Crunch Distortion, or a Tubescreamer.  Right now, I have three pedals that are fairly similar and offer a great "overdriven Marshall" tone: The Fulltone, the Ultimate Drive, and the Marshall GV-2 Guv'nor.  While they are all great pedals, the Joyo really hits the sweet spot on my Vox Combo amp (using a Gibson Les Paul).As for soloing/lead play, I'm noticing all types of pick attack/harmonic response with the Joyo that I don't get with other stompboxes.  It really does act and feel like an onboard overdrive channel.  If you point all the knobs at 12 o' clock, some people may think it is muddy, but that Tone knob really does change the character quite a bit.  Sorry for the long rant, but I want people to know that just because you can't afford $150+ on a single pedal doesn't mean you can't enjoy a great overdrive stomp box.  Check the JF-02 out - it just might be your "gateway drug" to other Joyo pedals!
Put this through an AC30C2 and prepare to be amazed. Never owned an OCD but I don't need to. My neighbors I'm sure are not pleased. Many have decribed this pedal and there is nothing else like it at this price point! It's your guitar on steriods. Crisp deplication of it with bass, treble and a little hair on it. That's at the 25% gain setting. Flip from low to high micro switch and hold on to your balls. From nasty blues to Steppenwolf you will have it covered.
You really have to play around with all the knobs to find the perfect tone, I was able to sort of dial in a nice Marshall '80s alt-rock sound, but when you're not playing it can have a noisy wind-like feedback coming from your amp; but it can vary from amp to amp. You can fiddle with the Voice and Drive knobs to clear it up, but that usually results in a drop in your overdrive or distorted sound. But to be perfectly honest, it's pretty impressive the sound you get out of this for less than $40.
This thing sounds amazing- except for one small problem: At higher gain settings it hisses like a mother. I'm not talking about extreme settings, just gain and &#34;character&#34; (thats what Tech 21calls it- forgot what Joyo calls it) at 3 o'clock. It has a beautiful WARM singing lead tone-better than any pedal that I have owned ( and that's probably 20-30 distortion/overdrive pedals) If only it didn't hiss so much it would be my main lead pedal. If you have a Rocktron Hush or other noise gate pedal, it is worth considering. The Joyo is an EXACT clone of the Tech 21British pedal, which costs $189 (?). I don't know it the tech 21 has the same hissing problem or not.
I bought this with the idea I was getting a pedal that would give me usable Marshall amp sounds. After trying for a couple of hours, I find that it won't do that. I guess my combination of guitar and amplifier wasn't meant to be used with this pedal. The guy who mentioned in the reviews about the sound getting thinner as you turn up the voice control, he was spot on about that (very annoying effect). Nothing but praise goes to the supplier ( KDM Distributors) . They did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country. But the pedal itself, not for me.
This pedal solved my problem with my amp. After 13 years of messing about with my Mesa Boogie  realizing the the California sound is not what I truly like and kicked myself in the ass for not buy a Marshall or VOX this pedal  has given me the ability to make my amp sound like a Marshall or VOX.  One can say all kinds of things about quality but for $31.00 it made me even more versatile. It needs to be in front of a tube amp...
This one is easy - buy it! I've owned many effects over 32yrs playing . . . some ok, some didn't last 48 hours, others never parted with - this one fits in that category. Gives excellent range of Marshall emulated sounds
been playing over 50 yearsowned it all 3 or 4 times :)pedals out the wazoothis is the cats meow if you want a marshall in a boxset your amp up cleanspend 5 minutes finding the sweet spotplay till your fingers hurt.....i own the tech 21 britishdid a side by sidecan hear NO differencei dialed in the early VH brown sound in minutesand thats where i left itcleans up with the vol knobresponds well to pick attackdo not hesitate, this pedal is a winner
For a cheap pedal I gave this a try.  Very versitle.  Can get many different types of sounds and drive from it.  The knobs are a little tight, but that just makes feel tough I guess.  I like much more than the Joyo fuzz.  THis can give some cleans and drive to distortion.  You really need to work with it a bit with your amp and find that sweet spot.Certainly not the best overdrive, distortion, or effects pedal I have used.  But for the budget I do receomend it.  It is cheap and very has a good range of tone options.  I ran it into a Fender Camp 600 and they seemed to get along well.Hope this helps.
I was very anxious to get this pedal in the mail and try it out so that I could write a review of my own.  The reviews on all Joyo products are extremely polarizing.  Some people love them and think they're every bit as good as boutique pedals costing three times as much, while other people (including a significant portion of the hardcore techie community) despise the whole concept and wish they didn't exist.  Having tried out this specific product - the Joyo JF-15 California - I can tell you that I'm extremely impressed for only having spent $40 to $50.First, a word about Joyo.  Joyo is a Chinese company, which for a lot of people loyal to American products, starts them off on the wrong foot.  Further adding to the controversy is the fact that many Joyo pedals appear to have virtually copied the circuitry of well-known Western boutique pedals, such as the Fulltone OCD ("Joyo Ultimate Drive"), Ibanez Tubescreamer ("Joyo Vintage Overdrive"), and MI Audio Crunchbox ("Joyo Crunch Distortion").  If you find that disturbing or appalling, I won't try to change your mind, but consider the following:  Joyo has found a way to manufacture surprisingly faithful "clones" of these very successful pedals at a price that even entry-level casual players can afford.  Larger companies, such as BOSS, DigiTech, and Ibanez, openly copy ideas, clone sounds, or borrow inspiration from other successful pedals.  Finally, if you want to pay more the boutique pedal, nobody is stopping you from doing that.  There are certainly areas where Joyo cuts costs by using cheaper materials, and the Joyo is absolutely not a one-for-one clone.  My personal opinion is that if Joyo has found a way to take the concepts of these pedals and make them cheaper...power to them.  But again, reasonable minds can differ.  My primary concern is: "How does the pedal SOUND?"The answer to that question is "surprisingly good"!  The specific pedal "cloned" by the Joyo California (from what I'm told) is the Tech 21 NYC "Character" series, which was a pedal series (apparently now discontinued) that modeled popular amps, such as Marshall, Fender, VOX, and Mesa Boogie.  Like the Tech 21 pedal, there are 6 on-board knobs, including one called "Voice", which essentially a transparency control - the more you turn it up, the less is sounds like your original amp, and the more it sounds like a Mesa Boogie.  There is also a 3-band EQ (Low, Mid, High), which seems to do a pretty good job crafting your tone.  Finally, there are Level and Gain knobs that work as if they were the corresponding knobs on your amp.  Fortunately, I find with the level gain at 12 'o clock, the volume is basically on par with your original signal.Trying to describe the tone in writing is difficult, and is obviously going to vary a great deal depending on your guitar, amp, and other cables and effects.  I run a Gibson Les Paul through a small VOX Valvetronix combo, and the resulting tone was good.  Most importantly, it sounded very different than the normal tones I would get through that amp.  Admittedly, I do not have much experience with using an actual Mesa Boogie amplifier, but I think people get a little too wrapped up in making that direct comparison anyway.  Obviously, if want the true sound of a Mesa Boogie half stack, you're going to have to go buy the real equipment.  But the tone that I found with this pedal was very full-bodied, yet still retaining clarity on the high strings.  The "Drive" knob works better at the lower and mid-level gains - it is capable of higher gains, though I did find the pedal to become somewhat noisy with the Drive knob past 3 'o clock.There are two ways to think of this pedal.  First, you could use it as an "always on" amp modeler if you really like the tone it produces.  In that case, you could turn the "Voice" up and keep the "Drive" low, while adding other distortion pedals effects to that base sound.  Second, you could think of it strictly as a "distortion/overdrive" pedal, and turn it on only for parts of songs where you want that effect.  However, one very nice (and very "amp-like") feature of the overdriven tone provided by this pedal is that the tone cleans up very nicely when you turn the volume down on your guitar.On a final note, the build quality on the Joyo California "out of the box" looks to be fantastic.  The switch is a "click" metal button similar to those used on MXR pedals.  There is a back cover for a 9V battery, or there is a well-placed DC 9V adapter jack, which works with standard 9V adapters such as BOSS and OneSpot.  Sorry for the length of the review, but I wanted to provide some good information based on my experiences, since I struggled to find honest reviews while I was doing research.  I can't promise everyone will like it, but considering the poor quality of the $40 pedals I used to buy from DOD, Danelectro, and Ibanez SoundTank growing up, it's pretty hard to regret giving the Joyo California a serious look at that same price.  Enjoy!
Wow, I am very surprised by this pedal. I got it with the intention of going aft that chimey AC30 tone, which it does a decent job at. I didn't realize everything else this pedal can do. You can get a very heavily distorted full on rock crunch out of it no problem. Metal, no problem, crystal clear and punchy, no problem, super crispy tele twang, no problem.I tried it on bass and was REALLY impressed. It is eerily similar in function to my SANSAMP VT BASS pedal and gets a lovely SVT type sound quite easily with loads of bottom end. I even threw it in my bass effects chain to use as an added OD/Crunch in front of both my head/cab as well as VT BASS and PARA DRIVER. Works like a charm.Turn the VOICE control to go from smooth and thumpy to gritty and crunchy, while adding a bit of mid range response.I only wish this had a balanced XLR out in addition to the normal 1/4&#34; out. Phantom Power would be nice then also.I would easily use this in a live setting running straight to the board, though a speaker sim afterwards would really top it off nicely and help to smooth out frequency spike here and there.  I have been thinking of trying the Joyo DI wit speaker simulation for this purpose, but I just haven't gotten around to buying it yet.In my opinion you should at least check this thing out, I mean its $40
I love the sound of this pedal.  It's as versatile as can be.  If you want to sound like 5 Dimebag Darrels, then don't buy this pedal.  If you want a nice drive that is responsive, this is for you.  I employ this pedal more than my boss distortions and my electro harmonix distortions/overdrives.  I have noticed the on off light is intermittent, but the pedal still effects the signal either way.  For a pedal that I have stomped on so many times, I'm not even the least bit concerned.  For an inexpensive unit, this thing rules.
WOW is all i can really say. It made a good solid state amp (80's Yamaha usa-made combo) sound great and full of nice warm tones. I'm using it into the power amp section via effects loop (bypassing the yamaha preamp) and I couldn't be more happy with the results. This ranks right up there as the best money I ever spent on equipment. A definite upgrade.
This jewel does give a Vox AC tone (depending how its used). For direct recording it does. If used with an amp, maybe. But however you use it, it is sweet.
I'm going this stompbox as I always do, based on the quality of the pedal and what it does - not necessarily whether than tone is "useful" for my particular setup.  Viewed in that objective light, the Joyo JF-13 AC Tone is an excellent pedal for $40 to $45.There are two ways to think of the JF-13 and the other "Tech 21 clones" in this line (California, American, British Sound, etc.).  The first is the obvious one, which is to use it as a stomp box at the end of you signal chain.  This box basically takes your guitar input and any other effects you add and then tries to "clone" a VOX AC30 amplifier into the speaker.  How effectively it does this really depends on your settings and the quality of the amplifier it self.  At the end of the day, if your amplifier (particularly the budget, solid state ones) has certain limitations that you don't like (too bright, not loud enough, too muddy, breaks up too easily...), no pedal (including a $200 boutique one) is going to fully overcome those deficiencies.But the second way to think of the JF-13 is as a preamp, where the output would go directly into a recording device, PA system, computer, or tablet.  I don't have enough experience trying that (though I did a little bit with the Joyo California) to say how well that works, but I've heard great examples of it online.  Also, having the convenience of amp-like controls (with 6 knobs) is certainly very convenient if you like to play/record in that manner.As for the sound of the pedal, it's very good.  I've heard complaints about the pedal being noisy if you turn the gain all the way up, but I wouldn't let that concern you.  That's true of virtually any distortion/overdrive pedal, it can be cleaned up with a noise gate/suppressor, and I think the better use of this pedal is on the low- and mid-gain settings anyway.  The "Drive" knob is like the gain knob on an overdriven tube amp.  It's a very nice tone, responds well to picking, and cleans up well if you reduce guitar volume (which many pedal distortions do not do).  The "Voice" knob is hard to describe.  Basically, it morphs the tone into something deeper and "punchier" as you turn it up.  But that also changes the impact of all your other settings, including drive, EQ, and level.If I had one complaint about this pedal (even compared to the California, also a very cool pedal), I was a little surprised how much this pedal "wants to be dirty".  It's tough for me to envision leaving it on all the time if it overdrives so easily.  But, again, I think part of that is you're basically running through two preamps if you play it through a combo.  Check out some of the YouTube recordings as to how it sounds directly into a speaker or recorder - it could be completely different in that context.  At any rate, it's a very intriguing device at only $40, and I could see finding new uses for it in the future I haven't envisioned yet.UPDATE (April 2013): I actually sold this pedal, instantly regretted it, and then bought it back.  Now that I understand how to use it properly (by bypassing the preamp of my combo amp, through the effects loop), I am able to get some great sounding clean tones out of the pedal.  It really is an excellent value, either as a "foundation pedal" or as an emergency tool for musicians who might end up somewhere they need to plug directly into a PA/Speaker system.  I won't be letting the AC Tone go this time :)
Easy to use works as advertised, use it for my various stringed instruments. For the price I am very pleased.
I received the Fender Clipon Chrome Tuner in a very short time.  I know it will live up to the Finder name.  Very easy to use.
I bought two of these. Small but well lighted screen. Very quick reaction to string. I liked it from the very first tuning. It is quicker and more responsive than other tuners I have that cost twice the price. It is small and doesn't look like a huge lump on the headstock.  Operates with one 3V 2032 Battery, included. I plan on buying a few more for other guitar cases and as gifts for my musician friends around birthdays and X-mas.
5 stars because it works as its described, and has a nice display. I like this better than my old Snark. It's got a better build quality than the Snark for sure.
super tight, and very accurate... i'm not a fenfer fan but I really love this tuner... I recommend this one to anyone...
I have tried some others and was not to happy since they really did not tune the strings correctly (the sound was off slightly). This seems to be good for a &#34;quick tune&#34;, but like the pelal with cord plug in better. The pedal types are much bigger and you will have to carry more stuff out when going to a gig. This does work in a pinch without a lot of bigger equipment.
This is my first electric tuner.  As a percussionist-turned-bass-player, I goofed off, stick twirled and snored through countless hours of tuning in band class over the years. Not surprisingly, I kind of laughed at my own peril when it came time to tune my new instrument.  I grabbed this particular model because it was inexpensive and positively reviewed.  It does the trick.  It's small, accurate enough to get by with general practice (I can correct minor tuning issues by ear).  However, now that I have been using it for a few months, I have noticed that it does not give a very stable reading of pitch.  For example, if I go through and tune all the strings it will read a hair high/low on the next pass, and yet again on a third pass... If you need something &#34;no-fuss&#34; and accurate the first time around to the spot, you might want to invest in something a little more robust.  But, for standard/practice tuning, this is a fine accessory
Good tuners. Can tune several different instruments. Just be careful you have it set to the right instrument when you are tuning or you will go through a lot of strings. I have several of these. They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. Personally I prefer the Snark tuner but these are a fairly close second.
For a cheap tuner, this one is pretty good - it's about as accurate as the Snark, and not as delicate (the ball joint on the Snark makes it prone to breakage if you're not careful packing it in a case or gigbag).The display is large and bright.  I wouldn't use it to intonate an instrument, but for quick knockaround tuning, it's fine.
this is the most ergonomic tuner there is it functions well it is sturdy and it fits in ur pocket! count on fender to give u a good product!
I liked the features this recorder has BUT it is a chore to figure out how to use them all.It let me know that I am not a techy. For me not so easy to get beyond the basics. It does a nice clean job for the recording I have gotten done.
I debated between picking up this and the Zoom H4N and went with the Tascam &#8211; I just couldn't justify the extra $100 or so for the Zoom.  The unit is simple to use and the built-in microphones do a great job.  I picked it up because I wanted a portable unit that would let me use 1/8 inch, 1/4 inch, and XLR microphones with my DSLR, or capture great audio on its own.  This accomplishes all of that &#8211; although I need to use an adapter for 1/8 inch mics (for the 1/4 inch ports &#8211; there is no 1/8 inch mic port, which seems an odd omission.)The unit is almost entirely plastic, which can feel a bit inexpensive &#8211; I know that one selling point of the H4N is its sturdy construction.  Still, it seems well made and I think it's a fantastic recorder for the price.
I've only spent a few hours with it, but so far, it is fantastic. I wanted a simple grab and go recorder for songwriting sessions, jams rehearsals and gigs, but I also wanted the option of just capturing a line source (such as from the DI on my bass amp). Bingo. Toss in the Dual Mode, overdub, phantom power, ability to run off USB power, and it is a total winner in my book. When you select the recording format and encoding or resolution (WAV + bit and resolution, MP3 + bit rate, etc)- each setting indicates how much recording time you have for the inserted card. I also love that it uses full size SD cards (microSD can be used with an adapter of course)- they're much easier to label and keep track of than a bunch of pinky-nail sized micros. I'll update this review after I've had some more time with it.
allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  output to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k

I bought this recorder to capture live audience audio for a live video project.  I can say that it worked amazingly well for this and did an excellent job at recording the bands without any distortion or excessive noise.  The recorder stores two files at the same time, one being a file at your chosen sensitivity and another safety track at a lower level in case there are any clipping issues with your main recording.  This accounts for quick transients or anything that might cause the recorder to overload and ensures that you will get a good take.The microphones can be folded out to extend the stereo field or in to tighten the field.  In addition, you can use external microphones or XLR inputs for professional-level input from the soundboard.  I found that the internal microphones did a wonderful job of reproducing the audience experience and I can't say enough good things about the performance.  This is an absolutely wonderful recorder.Bottom line: Highly recommended
I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. The Tascam is a much newer design and shows good ergonomic improvement. The internal mics are adjustable, the interface is easy to use, the battery life is long and the batteries are common AA and easy to replace on location.I've not tested the external xlr mic preamps but have recorded with the internal mics with absolutely wonder results. The internal preamp is very quiet, the mics on acoustic grand piano are very dynamic, produce excellent detail and have what appears to be a very wide neutral frequency response. The recorder produces a very wide and deep soundstage and does outclass my older recorder in every aspect. To me the price is very reasonable and the build quality is reasonable for the price. Highly recommended.
I am starting out learning to play guitar. I wanted a way to record myself playing guitar onto my laptop so I could go back and listen and to also play both lead and rhythm parts and mix them together.After asking a few questions on a message board, the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 was recommended to me. It's pricier than some of the options I was considering but given the reviews I figured it was worth taking a chance.I'm glad I did. The Scarlett 2i2 is a piece of cake to set up, even for a guy like me that's pretty PC savvy but never dealt with external recording devices.I'm running Windows 7 64-bit and everything installed flawlessly. The drivers loaded without a hitch and immediately recognized the Scarlett when I plugged it in.The included Ableton Live 8 Lite software recognized the unit as well.I'm looking forward to using the Scarlett more to improve my guitar playing. So far, I'm very happy with my purchase, even if it was a little more than I initially wanted to spend.
Purchased to provide professional level I/O for recording from mixers etc.Works very well for that purpose; also and probably especially useful as location recorder with just a laptop and condenser microphone(s). The bus powered connection is as simple as it can possibly get, and the package is about the size of a fat paperback book. Inputs provide for microphone(phantom powered or not), instrument, balanced line on TRS, and balanced line on XLR connector.Tested with bass and guitar via instrument input also sounded very good indeed, and dead silent. Output of high quality material also sounds superb ... and compares well with other very high quality gear. Everything about this unit is a cut above the units from its competitors in this (crowded) price point.Though lacking lots of the I/O and routing options you get with more expensive units, this device, unlike most other products in this price range, has a quality feel to its enclosure, jacks and controls. Drives headphones, even inefficient ones, to satisfying levels cleanly.The input controls have a helpful feature wherein if you have set things too "hot" the color changes briefly to red -- helpful to bring your attention to your proper metering (in SW) to adjust your levels.Re computers and drivers: almost all the tests went well. On two laptops running Windows 7, installed the latest drivers from the focusrite web site and initial tests of playback and recording went great. One of these recorded perfectly also. The other, which has a core 2 duo processor (FWIW), had issues recording properly, and no matter which of the three possible usb drivers were installed, and I tried them all, this problem remained. So, for certain windows laptops, you may want to hang onto the receipt until you verify proper operation throughout. This issue is why four starts rather than five.On a happier note this interface "instantly worked", with absolutely no installation, on a linux desktop running ubuntu studio 12.04 "precise". So for linux users this may be a very attractive option.Lastly documentation and bundled software is "light"; this is fine if you know what you are doing but it would not hurt focusrite to provide a bit more substance in their user guide for novices connecting various types of gear - guidance re best practices etc.But this is a nit -- overall a superb value provided your computer interfaces happily.
I'll start off by saying that I've had this interface for about 6 months now and it is still going strong. I think that anyone, especially the beginner, looking for an interface should definitely consider this unit. Not only does it provide 2 channels, but it also has monitor out and headphone out. This could also be a decent sound card for those who are fed up with integrated audio.However, I have a few gripes with the 2i2. The headphone knob feels a little flimsy and has a bit of give if you push on it. This is purely the "feel" and does not really hinder performance. But it makes the unit feel cheap, at the controls. IMO, the knobs and switches can feel a bit unsatisfying when the rest of the unit is built so strongly. Moving on, while on the topic of knobs, the level knobs for both channels could also use indicators, but once again, aesthetics.Why 4 stars?The problem must of started happening today because I never noticed it before. Or it could be just that, maybe I never noticed it. Anyways, shortly after I engaged the 48v phantom power, the interface started making a barely audible high pitched hissing. Once again, this is barely audible and should not be a problem if your microphone is far enough away. I hope that this issue does not show up in all of the Scarlett 2i2 interfaces. I would think that an interface should produce no noise as it in key in the recording process for many home studios. Hopefully, just my unit is defective and it isn't something that is common among the 2i2's.Another thing to note is that while Direct Monitoring is a feature on this unit, the volume levels coming from the direct monitoring is very low and makes it less practical to use. In other words, I am saying that you would have to essentially turn up the gain and record "hotter" and get closer to clipping to effectively hear yourself clearly though the direct monitor. Nevertheless, it is a feature that can be utilized though.So in the end, 4/5 stars! The packaging that the interface came in was very minimalistic, but yet appealing, thumbs up for that. I really like the build quality of the interface and Focusrite makes it very easy to record audio with this unit. The only issue that I would consider a big problem is the hissing from the phantom power being engaged. Overall, great entry level interface/sound card!
This audio interface is fantastic. It takes a little getting used to, but after an hour you will have it mastered. The sound quality is great! The direct monitoring is a little quiet, but that is no complaint all things considered.All in all, if you need a budget system at home: get this. It is perfect for Mac or Pc.
And sounds crisp.  I had alesis io2 express which did a similar job.  But after hearing a subtle difference in a youtube video I finally broke down.  I heard more definition with the guitar.  Now that I have it I take the quality for granted.  It has higher quality and the dials feel solid.  The little limiter lamp is awesome.  I'm very happy with it even if my old alesis was doing the job.  My old Alesis had midi pass through which didn't work anyway so feature for feature this is a better pick even if it's around 40 bucks more.
I'm using this unit to set up a Linux Digital Audio Workstation. It works out of the box with a recent ubuntu install or linux mint if you prefer. You will probably want a realtime kernel and use jackd to take full advantage of this device. Without using a jackd interface or a realtime kernel audacity records 96kHz but skips when duplexed, I mark this up to not having sophisticated controls or realtime enabled.The following settings are the best I've been able to manage in jackd2 without and xruns on a realtime kernel(using qjackctl) (I'm also no expert)Frames / Period: 128Sample Rate: 96000Periods / Buffer: 3Which gives a predicted latency of 4msWith a 10ft 1/4 inch patch cord (to run jack_iodelay) I got a consistent 8.24 ms overall latency (not bad imho).Without the realtime kernel you should expect xruns with these settings, my computer is a sandy bridge pentium 2.2ghz with 6gb ram and a ssd.We have used this with an AT2020, AT2021. SM58 microphones and the sound quality is quite high. The preamps deliver what seems like no noise under usual conditions. Simple two mic recordings of band practices sound outstanding. I've also tried some higher gain recordings of weird ambient sounds (rain crickets) and still received very little noise from the device itself but can hear everything that happens in the house.Update:I've found the above setting in jack don't work well for processing live guitar effects in rakarrack. Here are the best setting I could come up withFrames/Period: 512Sample Rate: 48000Peiods/Buffer: 3RealtimeSoft ModeQjackctl lists the latency of 32ms but I have not tried measuring i with jack_iodelay. All the included effects of rakarrack work on my computer for these while booted in the (hard) realtime kernel
I bought this as an interface between my mixer, instruments, and mics to my Macbook for Garageband.  You have to go in and change the input and output in OSX, but it works great!
I use this little guy in connection with my DAW and digital piano.  I run the piano sounds through balanced cables into the line-in ports for recording, and I also run VST intruments on my DAW that I trigger via USB MIDI from the piano and use this device for digital/audio conversion.  I listen through Sennheser HD 595 headhphones plugged in to this and I also have some studio monitors attached using balanced cables.I purchased this to upgrade from my previous audio interface, the Behringer UF0202.  That device worked quite well for this purpose as well but lacked two things: a volume knob, and balanced in/outs.  The volume knob thing I could work around, but my current monitors seem susceptible to ground loops (even with a ground lift plug), so I needed to go with balanced cables.  I'm glad I did.  The balanced cables completely eliminated my noise problems.  This was a good purchase.  However, I would say to anyone who doesn't need balanced cables and is on a budget that they should consider the Behringer.  It's a tiny fraction of the price and it works pretty well.  Further, it's class complaint so you don't have to use Behringer's drivers.  It's plug-and-play.I have some good things to say about the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 (all about the hardware) and some bad things (all about the software).  I've tried using the driver version 2.1, which came with the disk, and the udpated 2.2, which I downloaded from Focusrite's website.To let you know what I need in an interface:1. Balanced stereo in/out2. High quality headphone amp3. Volume knobs for headphone amp and for the main line4. Good digital-to-analog conversion5. Low output latency (input latency not important to me)I don't use the Mic preamps, which is one of the big selling points of this device.================ The Good ====================This box is simple and well-designed.  It does what you want, has very convenient controls, and has high build quality.  I'm pleased with the digital-to-analog conversion.  It has a great big volume knob and another for the headphone amp.  It has switches so each input can be a line-in or microphone pre-amp.  It has a switch for zero-latency monitoring (of whatever is coming in).* The headphone amp was of particular concern for me.  I use headphones a lot and a poor headphone amp can be quite a problem.  The Behringer headphone amp was only ok.  Specifically, it has an output impedance of 50 ohms.  The rule of thumb for good headphone/amp matching is that the output impedance should be 1/8 the impedance of the headphones--my hd 595's have 50 ohms of impedance.  Breaking this rule you get distortions of the frequency response.  In my case mostly this meant attenuation of the bass.  Most manufacturers don't list their output impedance, possibly because they are embarrassed.  Anyway, Focusrite does, which is one reason I trust them a little more.  The output impedance is less than 10 ohms--respectable but not amazing.  Still not as low as I would need in principle but I can notice an improvement in the bass response in my headphones.  There's plenty of extra voltage here too, so I could drive higher impedance cans if necessary.  Anyway, good headphone amp.  Check.* Balanced ins and outs work very well,  The ins accommodates a 1/4 TRS style in and XLR.  The light around them shows when something's actually coming in and shines red when it's in danger of clipping.  There's lots of gain available.  I have them turned all the way down almost.  The outs are TRS style (balanced or unbalanced) and are located on the back.* I like the look of the box, with a red metal case, and the front and back are sturdy and attractive as well.* The USB cable is just a type B port.  This means you can replace it if it gets damaged or whatever.  The Behringer, for example, was hard-wired to its cable...king of annoying.* It's bus-powered.  I actually would have been fine with a wall-wart, but this is even more simple.I really have no complaints whatsoever about the hardware.===================== The Bad =========================The driver for this thing is horrible under Windows XP.  I have a clean installation with nothing installed except my DAW software, acrobat reader, and this driver.  I mean, my computer is really stripped down.  Performance using the Behringer was good.  The latency (time between playing a note and hearing it out the speakers) was 8 ms using the Behringer, which isn't really perceptible.Unfortunately the focusrite driver, though it's technically ASIO apparently, doesn't have anything like an acceptable latency.  The lowest latency I could set it at and get sound out instead of crackles and pops was 23 ms.  At that level the instrument begins to sound very sluggish and laggy.  It's very difficult, at least for me, to work with a large latency like that.I was ready to return this device when I decided as a last ditch effort to install ASIO4ALL.  That's sort of an ASIO driver to use if you absolutely cannot make the manufacturer's driver perform at a decent level.  I installed it and it worked.  The output latency was a tiny 4.3 ms (only .3 of which are actually output latency, so this is REALLY impressive).  I conclude that the hardware is very, very good in this machine, but the software is horrible.Unfortunately, you can't actually uninstall the focusrite driver because otherwise windows doesn't recognize the device and it never even turns on--it's not class compliant, unlike the Behringer.  So now I have two drivers for it installed, only one of which I use.The bad news is that this configuration is very buggy.  In general when I just turn the computer on and try and play my VST instrument, all I get is crackles and pops until I open the ASIO configuration panel and increase the buffer.  The funny thing is that it doesn't matter where the buffer starts out, I always have to increase it before I get any good sounds out.  I can start it out with a huge buffer--lots of latency--and it will crackle until I open it and increase the buffer yet more.  I have to do this every time I turn on the computer.  Also, sometimes if I leave it on for a while and come back, it will be crackly again until I increase it yet another step. We are talking about major bugs here.I decided to try ditching ASIO4ALL and trying to make the focusrite drivers work again--maybe there was a setting I was missing.  As I was trying to set the buffer size, I heard the sound of an explosion and then my computer rebooted.  When it came back I couldn't get good sounds out, even when I turned the buffer way up.  Tried rebooting a few more times, still didn't work.  So I uninstalled and re-installed the focusrite software.  At first it didn't work.  I had to install ASIO4ALL as well, and now I can sort of get sounds out of it, half the time.I hope you are getting the idea.  These drivers are terrible.  Awful.  A monkey could have written a better driver.  I would give it 1 star if it wasn't for the fact that the device works very, very well when all the stars align and the driver recognizes the drive and allows it to play.  I guess I'm willing to sacrifice convenience and stability for nice hardware when it works.  I would never use this in a live situation or when time is critical.The good thing about drivers is that they can update and fix them.  I'm hoping for that.  They have already revised the driver once, which is amazing because even the 2.2 driver is seriously an abomination, just like the 2.1.================ Closing Thoughts =======================Unfortunately, there really isn't a USB interface that has a good driver.  The Behringer driver always worked, but if you moved the interface from one USB port to the other, it was no longer recognized and you had to reinstall the driver.  However, you didn't have to use the Behringer driver and ASIO4ALL would give you 11 ms and perform without any complications.  That's about as trouble free as I've seen in this type of device.If you read about the Presonus Audiobox USB and the M-Audio Fast Track Pro (probably the two closest competitors to this focusrite), what you get is a bunch of comments just like this one...horrible, horrible drivers that never get fixed. Actually Mackie makes a competitor as well, the Onyx Blackjack--but the reviews of that show that the driver is possibly even worse than this one. Unfortunately none of the pro music manufacturers cares about their drivers, so we have to live with unstable systems that only work half the time.  Maybe it's better under mac.  I don't know.Interestingly, this is really the only USB 2.0 device in this range.  That's quite shocking considering how long the USB 2.0 standard has been around.  The only real implication of this is that the USB 1.1 devices like the M-Audio and Presonus can only do two channel 24/96 audio in OR out, not both at the same time.  There's not enough throughput in USB 1.1.So in light of the competition, the Focusrite looks kind of ok.  Unfortunately all audio interface manufacturers--at least in this range of device--think there's no need for good hardware and (especially) good software.  At least the hardware in this one is up to spec.  We can cross our fingers for improved drivers in the future.Bottom line: this is a fantastic, 5-star device...if you can make the software work consistently.If you are on a tight budget or don't care about balanced in/out, I'd recommend you go with the Behringer UCA202 or UFO2020.  They are tons cheaper, class complaint, and have better drivers.  If you use a high impedance headphone with it, even the headphone amp is pretty good on that one.================ Update May 2012 ==============A new version of the driver, 2.3, came out since the writing of the above.  The new driver actually works.  I have stopped using ASIO4ALL and I get decent latency.  Once in a while--not too often--it will inexplicably require me to edit the settings and increase the buffer, and some percentage of the time when I do that it will reboot my computer.  If I don't change anything, most of the time, it works ok.  I would never use this in a mission-critical setting (i.e., gigging or pro work), but for my home use, it's good enough now.  If you have issues with the driver, definitely update.
Small amazing good quality interface. This is not the PreSonus board but the controls are easy set up is quick and it is so portable. I especially like the dual inputs on front. Back light on knobs shows clipping on volume (green and red) and connected (green).USB powered and plug and play. My Ableton Suite detected and connected in seconds.
For me being a solo 12 string guitar and vocal act this works just fine for me. And you get the extra plugs ins supplied by Focusrite too with this interface. I cannot say I am wild about the included software which is Ableton Live Lite 8. I really disliked the screen views of Ableton and thought they were hard to view. So I did some scouting around and talked to a few techs and they suggested Mixcraft 6. WOW! I like a mixing board that is right up in my face and no guesswork. Mixcraft 6 is so user friendly and you don't have to bring in a professor from another planet to understand it. You can be laying down and recording tracks in no time. And shouldn't recording be fun and not frustrating besides? The Focusrite Interface recognized Mixcraft 6 as if it were an old school bud and the extra plug ins. So all and all it turned out great and I am a happy camper. This in my opinion is one of the best entry level Recording Audio Interface units around. It also has phantom power for those of you who have condenser mikes requiring phantom power. Dollar for dollar you cannot go wrong with this interface. Engineered in England. And on the downside, made in China. (Isn't everything these days?)
I desperately needed a real audio interface, I was tired of my toy Behringer 1 i/o RCA usb thing.  After reading reviews online, this seemed like exactly what I needed.  It's small, lightweight, and fits nicely on my desk.  It's got some solid pre's, and has enough for me to work with.  I didn't need the extra i/o enough to break the bank, so 2i2 is all I wanted.  I'm really pleased with this, the quality is great and the ease of use is just as great.  It handles line and mic inputs just as well, and the general rule of thumb sticks here that ~70% (about 2-3 o'clock on these knobs) is a good base level for the pre's.  Phantom power works fine, and the direct monitoring switch is really useful.  I don't like dealing with latency in Ableton, so to be able to just monitor directly when I'm playing instead of waiting for it to go through all that processing is great.  And the headphone volume and monitor volume are right next to each other...all in all I'd say the design of this is very user friendly.Some people reported driver issues with this, and I can't say I've really had any problems.  I'm using Windows, and I have to suggest using the ASIO drivers whenever possible.  I had some issues with iTunes where the audio would just stop and the level (in the Windows sound menu) was frozen at whatever had been playing.  All I had to do was disable and re-enable in the device, but that got kind of annoying.  I e-mailed Focusrite about it, and they were pretty prompt with getting back to me, but the problem kind of faded away so I never really figured out what that was.  I started using Fubar2000 because it supports ASIO, and I haven't had ANY issues with any program that uses an ASIO driver.  I have since started using iTunes again as well (still much easier to manage the library in there), and the problem has only manifested itself once or twice since then, so who knows.
Good sound, very very low noise (except on high gain), when switching to direct monitoring the output volume cuts to half, expensiveIf you're planing to record on computer, buy a USB mixer for the same price you'll get a lot of stuff and a mixerWorks with iOS if you have an external power supply (powered hub)
UPDATED 3/16/2014After owning the 2i2 for over a year and encountering many difficulties I am revising my once gleaming review.The 2i2 is a simple set-up. Pretty much run your monitors into the line outputs, connect a mic or (apparently) a "low-headroom" instrument to it, run the USB cable to your computer and set it up within the DAW described parameters. It would have been nice to know that the included Plug In Suite is not a stand-alone program, and that it functions in tandem with Ableton Live Lite and that it could be found it in the Plug-Ins section of Ableton, but I figured it out EVENTUALLY regardless. (Ableton itself is rather dodgy, and seems to crash constantly.) Sometimes the 2i2 seems to lock up completely, so as no audio is being produced from my monitors!I wasn't sure for a very long time if this was USER ERROR, an Ableton problem, or the fault of the 2i2 and its drivers, so after the gazillionth crash, I screamed "Ballsdogit!!!", and purchased a license for Reaper. After going through the painstaking setup and acclimating to the new DAW over the last few months, I began to realize that my monitors no longer "lock up", but that the drivers for the 2i2 are indescribably pathetic!!!I had to tweak the living daylights out of Reaper just to get an audible sound out of my monitors. Now I'm in there and the FX do not work with the focusrite drivers. Garbage focusrite! Everyone I know that has Reaper raves about the plug-ins, and the greatness and ease of the setup regardless of the interface. I have yet to experience a crash, but I also have yet to experience any recording time.Seriously, I started reading on the Reaper Forums about problems encountered with the 2i2, and came across a response from David@focusrite actually saying that "you should not use this setup to record electric guitar..", and that if you need to record electric guitar you should "get something with more headroom like the 2i4." That is just unbelievable in my eyes!I'm sure I could run this through my mixer and get the lacking headroom and just use this paperweight as a bridge gap between my mixer and laptop, but why should I have to after dropping a buck fifty on this miracle? Besides that, I'll more than likely still have multiple problems with the drivers!This device is clearly marked for both XLR inputs and 1/4 instrument ins. There was no warning of headroom limitations anywhere in the documentation, and I researched audio interfaces for several weeks before deciding on this unit. I feel lied to and disrespected as a customer, now stuck with an irrelevant piece of outdated technology. HOW IN THE HECK DOES THIS THING HAVE A NEARLY 5 STAR RATING!!!????The good side is that the mic pres are nice and warm. I have a bunch of different mics and the 2i2 (when not crashing or locking up the monitors) seems to handle all of them well. I constantly check for driver updates, and have the latest drivers for the 2i2, but without a doubt the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is probably going by the wayside along with my faith in focusrite and their products.Sorry focusrite, you dropped the ball here.
Great deal on a capo, it's about the same quality as one i would buy for 5x the amount elsewhere.  It takes a while for the shipping, but that's stated in the description.  I was pleasantly suprised.  I would recommend this capo.
I used this on my bass and I don't know what more you can say about it. It works and does at it is supposed to. I have no issues with quality or feel it's too loose.
How far wrong can you go for $1.83? I can give these away to beginners that don't have a capo.If you really want a capo get a Keyser or other decent capo. They're only $20.
When I attached it to my guitar(s), I said, &#34;Wow, this beats it's more expensive competition! Does it hold? Yes. Does it damage your instrument? No. I'm going to get another one before they decide to raise the price!
Nice product, I like the great feel as the handle angle is large and makes it very easy to remove.
I've got several capos, from the highest end models to the cheapest, and this one is every bit as good as the expensive ones, with ease of use and solid build quality. Why spend more?? Just buy it, and stop over paying for your capos forever more!
This appears to be a good sturdy capo with a strong spring and a rubber appearing pad on back to protect your guitar neck. It looks fine and works well on the neck to hold down the strings, just as it was designed to do. It looks and fits just as shown in the picture. I recommend it.
Not much you can say. The headline says it all. It works well. Shipping takes time but for the price, who cares. If you need it now, go local but if you have time to wait, this is perfect. I ordered two just in case. But it is nice and does not damage the guitar finish at all.
Its not a very big capo like it looks in the picture and is sometimes hard to get on sometimes. but it does hold on to all strings so the job is done. the only problem I have with it is that I get the strings a little bent but that might just be me.
My old cable was stiff and unruly. This one is not so stiff and is very well built. Buy it.
Is a nice cable,,god quality  as always with the Fender brand... Guys if you need a cable that are not high budget,, and a god quality this is the cable....
This cable arrived today and I am still in shock! It's truly amazing. The best BY FAR patch cable I have EVER used, or even seen in 25 years of guitar playin.HUGE value! Buy one now!
Very durable cables ... I've used them all. Fenders aren't bad. I have used these without any problems whatsoever! See for yourself!
as expected for a beginner. I'm just learning what I want and what I need. This cable works fine for my needs right now.
I received the Fender cable exactly as shown in the picture.It is a thick cable with the ends of the jack and start of the cable enveloped in the white plastic strain relief.It looks great, was fairly cheap, and built to last.
Even though it is Fender it was made in China I would have thought the US.  What can you say about a guitar chord?
Delivers just what you want in a guitar cable and the quality is what you would expect from a Fender product.
I'm pretty active on stage and have had problems with cable breakage for years. (I haven't found a wireless unit that I feel comfortable with on stage yet) I was usually replacing the cable connected to my guitar about every three to four months until I purchased these. At first I purchased one just to check them out, but after six months. I decided to replace all of my guitar cables with these. There just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. They last forever! Definitely worth the money!
Got this for my electric guitar. Does its job just fine and the white tips look quite nice, a truly great product!
These Fender 10 foot Guitar cables are by far the best bang for your buck!Every part of these cables are quality.
This is a Very nice cable, I like this one better than all the other ones that I Own, Its thick and the sound is great. Then one day an Amp was bumped over in such a way that the cable end was broken or sheared off, That stunk
while the product is everything it said it would be.  I was just hoping it would be thicker as it feels so thin. it does whats is supposed to so I cant fault it in that way it. just was not what I was hoping for.
These are a little course for what I wanted. Brass is a lot better, and the edges are too sharp for fast picking. They may be giving the strings a little premature wear, and the loss of tonality is the problem. There are better options if like me you like your picks hard and firm.
The picks are good. They are a little flimsey but are ok. The best thing about them is the look
At first I thought the idea of using a metal pick was outrageous, but after actually trying one - I love it. It has really helped me deliever that Fatal Blow...I can honestly say, this is not for strumming or even heavy metal rhythms as you risk breaking a string and putting an eye out. Not to mention that it's hard to strum and sounds awful.What these picks are good for is leads. Rock, Metal, Shredding and even Country. The sound is short with a very high tone pitch. Switching back to a plastic pick and the notes sound a little dull. One plus is, while recording I do not hear much in the way of the pick scraping when doing alternate picking (shredding) as I did with a plastic pick.I still use a plastic pick for slow leads that need that sort of sound, but love these picks when things heat up. Also, I'd like to add that even though I can play Rock You Like A Hurricane by the Scorpions - it never sounds quite right. Until Now. Using a metal pick make the lead scream and help the tone carry for a thicker sound.Also, these picks have a no-slip grip. With the Fender facing your fingers, there is a nice little indent for the thumb and with the added grooves it's very easy to grip and use. It feels funny at first, but I got use to it really quick.I can honestly say that this is one of those things you just have to try for yourself to get the full experience...
I bought these because I needed just a few more inches to reach a couple boxes on my pedal board.  I have the Planet Waves patch cords called 6&#34; so I thought these would cover it being 12&#34;.  When I went to hook up, they were still too short so I immediately blamed these cords.  OOOOOPS, took out the tape measure so I could complain and found that these are indeed 12&#34;  I then measured the Planet Waves and found they were actually 10&#34;, not 6&#34;.  My bad!  These seem to be good quality and they are exactly what they say they are.  If you want to spice up your board, go for some color!
At this price, these cables are a bargain.  The jury is still out on how durable they are, but they all arrived in working order and have held up well despite several months of plugging and unplugging.  The length is great for when you have a bunch of pedals with inputs that vary from top to side.  I hate it when the patch isn't long enough and I have to mis-allign my pedals !  Anyway, thumbs up.  Will revisit my review if they begin to fail soon-
Good quality, seem durable enough. Sure there are better cables out there, but for the price, these are hard to beat.
Good deal on this package of patch cords. They work just as well as the more expensive ones I have used. I like the length too. It is long enough to make a loop in, which make everything easier to work with.
These patch cords work like a champ.  I use them with my pedal board, and haven't any issues with signal quality.  They give some versatility in their length.  I can move the cords around without having to move my pedals too much.  The colors....well...ok, they're a little odd, but for the price, I dealt with it.
This is a simple and cheap way to hook your pedals together on your board. I have bought 2 packs of these and have only had one go bad on me. note that they are cheap and are NOT the quality of, say, George L's cables. That being said, they also don't cost $70. Can I hear a tonal difference between these cords and my more expensive ones??? Not really. People who say they hear tonal loss with some cords are scrutinizing the imagined auditory experience. Why only four stars??? because I wish they were all one color and not a rainbow of colors. it does look dorky on your board to have a bunch of different colored cords. but, that's my opinion.
I bought these cable to use on a pedal board, and they don't disappoint. They're fairly flexible, have solid construction, and are different colors for easy identifying.
When I look down at my dirty scuffed up old pedal board and see these patch cables, so bright and festive, I just FEEL beautiful all over again.
If you want to pay $$$ for patch cables and it somehow makes you feel more secure, go for it. Otherwise pick these up - great price and certainly gets the job done. The colors fit may into your rig or perhaps you can use them strategically, that feature is in incidental plus. They appear to be solid and will likely last just fine.
I needed some new patch cables for my board and I liked the different color thing. I believe this was part of my first order through Amazon and was totally satisfied with the process and the result . Will and have used it since. Thank you.
These are great cables for connecting effects pedals and I love that they have a little color (both for fun & better organization). To top it all off, the price is right. Cheers.
I bought this to add into the Axess MP1504-BLK Professional Dual Wireless Microphone I bought for home Karaoke use for my kids 6 and under. The microphone could not pick-up voice until it is about an inch close to your mouth. When you have it close to your mouth, it does sounds well enough that my kids enjoy. I added this screen to protect the microphone from getting damage or wet when it falls or when my kids touches the microphone to their mouth. Since this package came with 5 screen, I can wash it when it gets dirty and use the reserve to always have a clean microphone for my kids.The quality of the screen is very good. I believe that it can withstand abuse and will be able to handle frequent wash without ruining the material.
There is not much you can say about these other than they fit my Behringer ULTRAVOICE XM1800S just fine.  I don't sound to muffled with them on either - the colors made my Podcasting team bicker over who was getting which one.  I won't hold it against these Windscreens.
The product is here and I am glad the size is right. The colors punch out nice and will1. Help my vocal mics last longer so singers don't drool on my mics.and2. Help out during soundcheck. &#34;Hey, can we get blue turned down a little?&#34;Products were intact but on an quick examination I saw small tears in the foam. I will update if that matters in the long run.
I ordered this Capo on a Thursday and received it in the mail the following Tuesday. I had never used a Capo of this design so I was a little skiptical but I figured with the price, I might as well give it a try. This thing works great. There is not a name brand on it but looks really good on my acoustic guitar. The spring on it is very tight and ensure a good quality sound when moving in up and down the fret board. I have only used Kyser Capos in the past but this one works just as well. Only drawback to it is that you have to make sure it clamps down evenly on the fret you are changing keys to, otherwise you'll get some rattling noise from the strings. Once you get the hang of placing it where you need it, it works very fast when you need to change keys.
It does the job.  Easy to get on and off.  Seems to be sturdy and well built. Best of all the price!
The capo looks nice and works without any problem.  You can tell it is a cheaper model because the action is stiff.  But the build is solid, and it looks like it will last for a long time.
This is not my only capo, but it's my cheapest.  It works as well as other more expensive ones.  This one was a good deal through Amazon.com.
I was looking for a decent capo, found this, and have been using for months without a problem. Cheap and works great, would recommend to any guitarist.
Cheap, quick and easy. It serves its purpose and it was so inexpensive it's almost painful. I haven't had it break and it doesn't cause any issues with the instrument, so I'm more than content with this handy, inexpensive capo.
When just starting out one purchases equipment carefully. This capo is a good choice to start with because the quality is there. Even a professional would appreciate this capo.
This is a good quality Capo. The built is similar to the ones I see at the local music stores that sells between $9 - $14. I guess they are all made by the same company and then stamped with a logo by whoever is selling it. This capo does not have any logo or stamp but it works just as good as the more expensive ones.I ordered two of this item on 03/18. Expected delivery is between April 11 - 18 as the product will be shipped from Hong Kong but I received the product on April 2nd.I used it in Acoustic Guitar and on the Ukelele without any problem.
I have used these and I noticed this capo is a cut above the rest. It snaps on and clamps down on all strings right away. I do not need to readjust during play and it stays clamped until you take it off. I would recommend this capo for play during performances and live concerts.
I guess 5 stars because it 100% does what it's supposed to and doesn't cost much. The width of the grip gives you more leverage which can make it easier to clamp with someone with weak hands. That being said that person probably isn't playing much guitar.
Works really well, was a great price, and was sent to me in reasonable amount of time. The capo is a nice addition to the terrific sounds one can get with the guitar.
Good quick change capo, strong enough so far
This is a great Capo.  Clamps well and quickly, the clamp handle is easy to reach and is not going to easily break (aluminum, not plastic).  I like it and it was well under the price of others.
This is a pretty good non-expensive capo. You can spend more but this does what you need it to do.
It was my favorite capo. Someone else also liked it though as it has disappeared from my apartment. Had to buy another one.
The Capo is made of metal and works well. It does what it is suppose to do. I would buy this again.
A bit harder to open and clamp than my other capo, but well made. I don't think that you would go wrong!
For the price and the fast shipment (despite a notice that said it would take 2 months to ship) it is well worth the money. Does what it's supposed to do so far. I can imagine that a lot of use may eventually wear out it's springiness but for now it is working great for my needs. I don't capo too much, just getting into learning some new songs that require it so cheap was the way to go for me. I could see someone who capo's a lot might want to look elsewhere but if you're only needing something simple and cheap, look no further.
Purchased for hanging two rock-band pseudo guitars. Works great for that and for uke. Would also be OK with guitars.The nature of the hardware compensates for different thickness at the nut end of instruments and so should hold almost any guitar-like instrument within reason. The packaging is very basic - you just get the product, with no fasteners or instructions.The hanger looks good, is heavily padded and so very unlikely to harm even delicate instruments. When solidly mounted, the hanger should be able to hold fairly heavy instruments - though I did not test that.For the cost these are a smoking deal. The alternatives I purchased for my music room & heavy bass guitars cost about 2x more and are not necessarily any better functionally.As mentioned there is no included hardware, but that is a non-issue as during install you may require installation to studs or with wall-board fasteners, depending on your situation and weight of your instrument. So just plan on visiting the hardware store if you don't already have these in your shop. I used wall-board hangers for one, direct screws into joist for the other, as it happens.
I hang all my gear up in the studio with these and it's really sturdy. I can't say these are easy to get the guitar down off the wall but that's the point. I'll use a stand if I'm going to use a guitar often. I had a 230lb drummer fall into the wall where I had these baby's hung up and not one fell or almost fell.
I have a couple of old guitars I couldn't bear to part with, but seldom used.  (Ah, memories!)  I keep my everyday guitars on stands so that it is easier to practice, but these add charm to my music room/office and they work great.  The &#34;fingers&#34; will grasp the neck of most any stringed instrument and hold firmly.
I bought this for my acoustic. Bought another one for my electric Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. Holds my bass guitars easily as well.
I payed the $11 for this just because the tuner I have was so slow to respond I needed something new.  The response time on this is like half a second and it's super simple to use.  Keep in mind that the Snark website sells this tuner for $40 so 1/4 the cost here is definitely worth it.
This is the best tuner I've used in over a decade of playing various instruments. The design is well conceived for guitar players and the results are spot on.  Overall ease of tuning and ability to do so in a noisy environment are well worth the $14 I paid.I like the ability to change the overall tuning to different standards [e.g. Baroque or NY Philharmonic] and the included metronome is also nice to have. Perhaps the most useful feature is that this unit will tune any note; guitar players can spot check a fretted tone and other musicians can tune to C or another preferred note that some guitar tuners do not have.Mine broke where the arm connects to the back of the main unit. There is a ball and socket joint and two of the socket flanges broke. Glue and a rubber band now holds it together. I mention this so that you won't put yours in a tight exterior pocket on a gig bag or otherwise smash it into a broken state.
I own a red, blue, and now a black one. This one is the best yet. Very easy to read.
This isn't a terrible tuner, and for how cheap it was, it wasn't a "ripoff". However, it definetly does not work as the product or other people claim. When it does work, it tunes decently like any ten dollar tuner. However almost all of the time it's fluttering around to completely different notes or just not reading a single thing. I try clipping it on different parts of the instrument and it's the same. It also did not come with batteries, and replacement ones aren't cheap and are very hard to find. I don't think this is a terrible product due to the low price, but if you want to be taken seriously and take your own music seriously, get a real desktop tuner. A cheapo one is only 5 bucks more and you can find REAL, full sized, affordable batteries for it...
we have to many musical instruments and this is amazing little tuner. I used it even on bass guitar and it works flawlessly.
Ive used this on Guitars acoustic and electric, Ukuleles, Banjos, Banjo Ukeleles, Violins, and mandolins.  no issues... well except that sometimes it rattles (quietly), it doesn't effect how it works but i hate a rattling guitar.  That Just means i take it off most of the time after i tune.  That's not a bad thing as it keeps me from playing out with the Tuner clipped to the guitar the whole time, and I hate how that looks anyway.  I love the little thing.  My only complaint is that (like all other clip on tuners that i've had) it wont turn itself off if i leave it on accidentally, and will then wear out the battery.
I love this little tuner.  It's better than the unit that was bundled with my guitar, and as accurate (and easier to use) than the one on my VOX Tonelab ST.I'm planning on getting at least one more to keep in the guitar case.
I really love this little tuner, I just keep it on the headstock of my guitar when playing & just touch up tuning if needed. Best tunerI have owned for the price.R. Joyner
This is the new and improved Snark. The display is much more readable and after several months of use display is still bright. I found with other models that the display faded and was not renewed even with a new a battery. The only downside to this one is that the bars on the display are so thick that the string has to be more out of tune before it shows up on the screen. So the display is very readable but not as accurate as prior display screens. However the price makes them a good deal even with their minor flaws.
It's a tuner that tunes nearly as well as a rack tuner for a fraction of the cost. The fact that it looks like it's made out of Bat Armor is a huge plus. For a clip-on, you can't beat the accuracy this little unit gives you.
I had the red Snark and a couple others. This one is the best ive tried so far. No problems and does give you a tighter faster tuning. 6 stars if they had it that high.
Wanted a tuner not dependent on a quiet environment.So far, works well.Sometimes slightly imprecise on a bass string, but generally works great. Can tune up quickly every time.
This guitar tuner is simply AMAZING!!! I feel like I should have paid at least 50 bucks for this thing, but $13 is practically a freaking steal! The display is so nice, the quality is amazon, and this thing is beyond accurate! Never using another tuner again in my life. SNARK forever!
This tuner works great! I am not able to vouch for accuracy, who but the best tone person can?
This is one great piece of equipment. Even on an unplugged electric guitar, just clamp it on the end of the guitar, and it picks up vibration for tuning easily, and tunes spot-on. Adding to that is it's convenient small size, and being unbelievably cheap price. Why spring for an expensive tuner when this does such a good job?
This thing is dead on the money when it comes to tuning.  It has many features I have yet to utilize, but good to know they are there if needed.
I don't play professionally so there is no need to buy expensive pedal tuners such as Hardwire HT-6, Polytune or Korg Pitchblack.  I researched for other alternatives and decided on a "clip on" tuner.  I narrowed it down to 3 - Korg AW2, Snark SN-1 & Intelli IMT-900.  All 3 have a lot of positive reviews and all of them are under $20.  I visited each manufacturers' website for more information and found out about the Snark SN-8.  Snark claims that it's their best tuner yet.  If their SN-1 can go toe to toe with the others, then I would assume that their best will do even better.  I took the plunge and ordered one.  I have only 2 requirements for a tuner:1.  It should be accurate.2.  It should be fast.The Snark SN-8 delivered on both counts and more!  It came with other extras like "tap tempo metronome", "super tight tuning", "pitch calibration", "transpose features" etc.  I may not have any use for all of them right now but it's nice to have them at your fingertips.  You can use it for other instruments as well but I only use it for my guitars.  The SN-8 is small & unobtrusive.  The display is bright and easily readable and can turn any which way you like.  After tuning, I turn it off and put it back in the guitar case.  I don't like it hanging in my guitar!  Of course, it doesn't stay long because it tunes fast!  For under $20, these little tuner is all you need.....fast and accurate.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
I own at least 8 of these.  I use them on all of my instruments, including banjo, mandolin, guitar, and Ukelele.  For the price, they cannot be beat, and they leave a small footprint too.
Edit: I've had to downgrade my star rating a bit, so I've revised my review- full explanation below, but in short, this just doesn't work as well for me as the SN-1.Background- I have the original SN-1 as well, and have had it for a couple years. The ball socket on the back of the tuning head broke fairly quickly when I forgot to remove it from the headstock before putting it in the gig bag (Protec Contego semi-rigid hybrid case with a little more room around the headstock than your average padded bag). I rigged a repair that has worked OK, but figured a replacement was in order. However other than the broken socket, this has been one of the best tuners I've ever used. Very quick and intuitive. Bright and easy to read in all lighting conditions. Fast response on all strings, including the low B on several five string basses. Despite what I feel is a weakness in the design (the fragile socket), I still felt so good about the functionality of the product that I ordered another, this time the SN-8(B) "Super Tight" tuner. I decided to go with another model in the hopes that a newer model might be a little better reinforced at the ball sockets (hence the "super tight", perhaps?).Out of the box, the SN-8 is almost identical to the original, save for the obvious color differences. Then clamp appears the same and doesn't seem to have any greater clamping force that I could detect. Turning it on though, the display is quite different. Basically, it is much more "to the point". The indicator bars either side of the center pitch ("in-tune", dead center) are much wider and fewer, meaning a less granular and less precise display, but one that is very easy to read at a glance in any light. This could be a mixed blessing, but the up side is it is brighter, simpler, and potentially quicker for on the fly tuning. The downside is it is not granular enough to say, intonate an instrument's bridge. It also seems to respond much quicker, which I am realizing is also mixed blessing, and here we have the missing star. The speed also means it responds really quickly to all input, meaning it seems to want to constantly change the note it is sensing. It seems much more twitchy than the sn-1. Unless you are able to mute every other string fully, it will jump between notes frequently. This is also one of my (many) complaints about the Planet Waves Mini-Headstock Tuner too.  I've found that attempting to tune with loud background music or other instruments blasting through a PA will cause my instrument to vibrate at other frequencies - even if I successfully mute all other strings, making tuning with the SN-8 that much more difficult. The differences here between the SN-8 and SN-1 are quite noticeable. For that reason, I just ordered another SN-1.I can't say how this tuner would work for other instruments, as I am a bass player. I'm not sure there is or isn't a defect or flaw here, perhaps it just didn't live up to my expectations (set high by my awesome experience with the original). Simply put, my sampling size is too small to say for sure or proclaim this a bad product.  All I know is that it just isn't working very well for me. If I saved the packaging for this one, I may consider sending it back in exchange for a second SN-1 or perhaps another model. If not, it'll probably be the one I hand others when they want to borrow my tuner ;)
I love this thing.  It quickly and accurately allows for tuning on any instrument I own (electric & acoustic guitars, electric & acoustic bass guitars).  It clips on securely, is easy to see, stays out of the way from my playing hands and is a breeze to turn on & off.  From the front, you can barely notice it at all.  I just leave it on my instrument all the time and use it as needed.  When I switch to another instrument I un-clip it and take it with me to what ever I want to play next.I love this thing.  Love it, love it love it!
If an initially unfavorable opinion changes, I owe it to the maker to say so, so I'm saying so!For me, the hardest part of adjusting to a new tuner is throwing out preconceived notions of how it should be used.It's not always easy getting vibration sensing tuners to settle down. In many cases, they jump around until, by the time they settle down, the vibration has decayed to the point where it no longer registers. So, a bit of subjective judgment is sometimes involved.As far as the SN-8 is concerned...WRONG!I've found the SN-8 to, in fact, be Super Tight, BUT one has to insure that there isn't even a HINT of red or yellow on either side of the center green bar.This is what I don't like about the other type of Snark display.  It's not symmetric!  It requires all of the red bars to be lit along with the green, and none of the yellow bars to be lit.  If the rad bars are illuminated constantly, how can you tell if the string is a hair flat?  When I'm on pitch I want *all* indications of sharpness and flatness to vanish.In that regard, the image shown here is wrong! It shows the Super Tight behaving like the other tuners with all of the red bars illuminated along with Green and even a yellow. Uhm...no.The SN-8 is Super Tight, has a touch metronome, and lets you set it down a few semi-tones if that's what floats your boat and, as they say on TV, "All for an incredibly low price!"I keep a tuner on each guitar and one in my gig bag, just in case.  At this price, I already have a half dozen Super Tights with two more on the way.
I've been playing long enough to remember when &#34;small&#34; electronic tuners were the size of a paperback book and had prices approaching $100.  New tuners like the Snark SN-8(B) are a joy in comparison.  The display is good sized and easy read (without my reading glasses) and the tuner responds quickly and accurately.  The only complaint I've heard about this tuner is that the clamp is tight.  Yeah?  So?  It won't fall off while you're using it (or playing) and you shouldn't leave anything clamped to your guitar when you aren't using it anyway.  You can't beat the price for a tuner this easy to use and it comes with a cleaning/carrying bag too.  I've used it with standard and altered tunings on guitar, bass, banjo, mandolin, ukulele, and tipple.  This one works.One suggestion for any younglings reading this: take it from an old f*** - electronic tuners are great, especially for tuning back stage or in other places where it isn't quiet but please, do yourself a favor, and learn to tune by ear.  I've met too many young players that cannot tune a guitar without an electronic tuner.  If the battery dies they are tone deaf.  Trust me, the ability to tune by ear is a skill you will always use.  If a string goes sharp or flat while I'm playing I can tune it back without stopping.  I would not be able to do that if I hadn't learned to tune by ear.
No, this tuner is NOT super tight. It's ok, but not super tight. I bought this because the tuner in the RP1000 is pretty sloppy. Based on owning this for a couple of weeks, I would say that it is just about as sloppy as the RP1000. I will use it on stage, but for recording I will stick to the app on my phone. Oh yeah, I almost forgot -- when you register the tuner you get a PDF download of "Secret Chords The Pro's Don't Know". It's good for a laugh.Pros: Bright easy to read display, fast response timeCons: Nowhere near what I would call super tight.Bottom line: Save your bread and get something else if you need a tight tuning. I would suggest the Snark SN-1. It's cheaper and works very well!
This is very accurate and also very easy to use. The led is easy to see in well lite area as well as dark area. I loved the price.
Love this little tuner. I have several reds and several blues and this one seem to be about the same except the displays seems to be more accurate.
Tried this and was not happy. Seemed to want to be off too much. Got the Fender FT-004 instead. This one does have a great view on the LED, but if it doesn't tune right, what's the point? I would try the Fender. Just a note. if you want a great tuner try a pedal corded tuner. I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing. Just a thought.
The Snark SN-8(B)Super Tight All Instrument Tuner is the best Snark tuner I've purchased, of 4 models. This SN-8, has a matte type finish, not glossy, it has a gun metal black look to me which I prefer to the glossy finished models. The dial, is easy to read, the bars on the dial are bold. All Snark Tuners are a great value, they function as well as any brand.
I have had 2 of these tuners (you'd think I'd learn after one).  They calibrate okay , it's just that they tend to break where the swivel ball fits into the socket of the device (both of mine broke this way).  To me, for the price, it's made cheaply.  Try D'Addario instead; love their tuners.
If your looking for a great, fast and accurate tuner for your guitar or bass, this is the one for you. It is easy to see in light or dark venues, has great build quality, and helps to tune your instrument in record time. I don't go anywhere without it, it may well be the last tuner you'll ever need.Flaws are few. The battery life could be better and it wont work with acoustics(no built in mic), but then you know that before you buy it, so you cant really complain. It would just be nice if it included one is all.All told, if you need a great tuner, look no further, this is one of the best, especially for the price paid. Why are you still reading this?? Buy it already ;-)
I have four Snarks and one other brand.  The Snarks are dependable and have an easy to read display.  Tuning is quick and simple.
This is the third Snark tuner (the others were Snark II) I have bought. Both of the others broke where the stem joins the clock-type display (could be glued together, but irritating). This one seems to be made of different material and with a bit of luck will be more durable. Why buy this after the experience of the others? Well they are very good and easy to use tuners, and for not much money (my guitar strings cost more!). This one has a great display - full colour and easy to read. I use it on a guitar, a bass and a 12 string and it works well on all of them.
A i'm very impress with the precition of this tuner. It's very light and can adjust very easily on both electric and acoustic guitar. (even using a capo) 100% recommended.Battery is included also, so you can use it right out the box.
Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel correctly.
The Snark tuners are very accurate and the price on this could not be beat!  Great tuner.  I got about three of them!
I had to get used to this tuner at first.  I have used a different brand up until this purchase.  An experienced guitar teacher recommended this one to me.  Glad he did, the price is way affordable on this site and it's really easy to use!
I clipped it on the neck (head) of my acoustic guitarIt tunes up well and is very easy to readI turn it off after tuning but leave it on the guitar while playingI have not used it enough to test the battery lifeBut so far so good. Great for the price.All Pros and No Cons so far
This is a very useful tuner since it's small, fast and pretty rugged.  I've dropped mine several times with no damage to the rubbery-like casing.  I have an older model that I still use, also.
Small enough to keep along with your guitar to make sure it is in tune each time you play a little. I wish it was a little faster but it is close to as fast as my Sony and Korg plug in tuners. It clips onto the guitar easily, stays put, and is not intrusive by weight or size. The bars are easy to see and are accurate.
This is the newer version of the original Snarks. I have bought the red, blue and older black models. These are great. Fast and reliable, and accurate. This new "Super Tight" is a bit faster and is slightly more accurate than the others, but the older units are still excellent. The display is a little brighter, but I think the battery life is a little less than the originals. I can't recommend these enough.
This tuner does a great job tracking notes rather quickly, and I've enjoyed using it.  It does its job, and it's well worth the money.
For $13, its hard to say anything bad about this gadget. It's accurate in any sound environment, easy to read in any light, very portable, and will tune any stringed instrument. The visual metronome with no click or beep is pretty useless but that's a silly extra that doesn't interfere with anything so no problem.
I bought this for a friend who's previous tuner was lost. I have to say... I've been so impressed by how easy this is to read, that I'll probably buy one for myself now.Other than a great display and accurate tuning... this is made with a move-able arm between the tuner and the clip. The arm is a dual ball joint and allows you to configure this is any position you'd like.I wasn't expecting it to be this nice. Very cool!
I used it about twice and so far it is a good product I also use it to check sync with my other tuners
I would say as long as you dont try to use this as a floorjack, it will work just fine for you. I dont wrench the arm around like all star wrestling and it appears to work fine for me. I love the way it sits right on top of the headstock and you can tune instantly. Nice and bright, easy to see.  Had it about 4 weeks now and on all of my guitars. Remember its a guitar tuner, not an impact wrench.
I read some mixed reviews about the unit but I&#8217;ve not noticed anything abnormal with mine. Seems to do an accurate job and really cheap price.
Something about EB Strings, they really are "slinky" - whatever that means. They have a cool vibe and make my guitars sound better.  Plus they are a little easier on the fingers than the other big brands.
I recently got myself a Kenny Wayne Shepherd Stratocaster guitar, I decided that since the guitar he had a set of tens strings installed I would go with these.They work flawlessly.The qualities excellent cannot go wrong with Ernie Ball strings no matter what gauge you get.
I got this for our church. I got sick of seeing the guitars against the wall. They where very easy to put together and now the guitars are off the wall and sitting on the stands perfectly.
I'm happy with them. SO much easier having my guitars in a stand i can grab when I want. These stands are decent quality and pretty reasonably priced.
I needed to have a place to sit my guitars and bass. These things work really great. I love them.
I'll echo what others have said: this is a superbly built instrument for the price, and I don't know how Epiphone can make them to sell so inexpensively. It looks, feels and plays like an instrument that cost at least twice as much.A few notes: what looks in the product photos like a black finish around the edges and on the back and sides of the &#34;Vintage&#34; model is actually a super-rich deep, deep mahogany/maroon color, and it's unbelievably beautiful.As others have said, the factory-supplied strings are crap; if you judge the instrument by them, you'll be disappointed. Include a set of Aqila Nylgut strings when you order this ukulele, and restring it as soon as you get it.I was a little surprised that the sound was quieter than my $60 Kala soprano uke--normally, one expects a concert ukulele to have a louder, fuller sound. But the Les Paul has a relatively small soundbox compared to an all-acoustic ukulele, and that probably accounts for the quieter tone. I think it's a *better* tone, and I'm more interested in delicacy than in loudness, so I'm happy with it. If I wanted stadium-filling volume, I could always plug this into a stack of Marshall amps.Oh, I almost forgot one important note to all owners: IT IS POSSIBLE TO REMOVE THE STUPID, UGLY PICK GUARD! Since ukulele players rarely use picks, and when we do, we use soft rubber or felt ones, there's no need to protect the finish from scratching, and that white pick guard really detracts from the instrument's looks.I applied gentle heat from a hair dryer on its low power setting for about ten minutes, and very slowly and gently pried up the edges of the pick guard with my fingernails--no sharp tools! It came off pretty cleanly, leaving only a few small spots of adhesive residue. I was able to get rid of those with small amounts of rubbing alcohol on cotton, without any damage to the luscious ultra-glossy lacquer finish. And the ukulele looks SO much better now! If you feel as I do, feel free to do likewise. Just remember the key words: SLOW and GENTLE. Don't force anything, and you should be fine.
Upon arrival, I was astonished. With a box as monstrous as the one this little number arrived in, I was expecting a ukulele made for Andre the Giant.It's not quite as big as the packaging leads one to believe but the sound sure is!The unplugged tone is warm and sweet, like the most delightful brownie you could ever imagine. Plugged in it really shines. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run.I was slightly surprised at how slim the body is (similar in scale to an actual Les Paul), as I was expecting a fuller body but it doesn't hurt the playability a bit.The finish is gorgeous and the little stick-on pickguard is just too adorable for words.If you're hemming and hawing over getting one, just do it. You'll be oh so pleasantly surprised.
I recently purchased this ukulele from a local Guitar Center. When i first got there i was looking at the Lanikai brand, but when i picked it up it was so light and thin that I felt like a strong wind could tear it apart. Then I saw this one. It has a little bet of weight and had a fuller sound than the other ukes in my price range. I have already learned the basic chords and can't wait to become proficient with this instrument.
The action was a little high for my taste.  The strings are not good and need to be replaced as soon as possible. Why do they sell an instrument with crap strings? That is a total mystery to me because it really detracts from the initial impression of the instrument.  Otherwise it's well built and works.  Really it's a three and a half star IMO, it's not as nice sounding or as playable as my Mahalo hardbody which was about the same cost and came set up with perfect action and with aquila strings.
My wife was worried about what to get me for Christmas, I really didn't want anything (other than the Harley I have been asking for for 25 years, maybe next???) and while surfing Amazon I came across this Les Paul. I had to laugh since it looks so much like my Gibson Les Paul, kind of like a "Mini Me" version.Well I have never heard of a Les Paul Uke and did not think for $99 that it would be much...but the reviews were telling a different story. So I found my Christmas present at last for "the man who has everything" (it is true, my wife told me...still hoping for that Harley though). I ordered it a few days before Christmas so it would not be under the tree much to my wife's dismay...but I printed a photo of it and framed it then wrapped it up and placed it under the tree anyway. Well Christmas came which means it was also one day closer to getting the real thing (the Uke, not the Harley), but everyone had a laugh at my shocked expression and obvious glee when I opened up my framed photo of my soon to be baby Les Paul!I figured since I was taking my fellow Amazonian's word I better order some Aquila Ukulele Strings since everyone stated that the ones that came with the Uke are junk(and they are, shame of Epiphone) which I did, the Uke arrived about 4 days before the strings but I attempted to learn how to play it anyway.....OUCH those stock strings were rough on the fingers, and the sound left much to be desired so I waited until the new string were installed prior to this review.Wow with the new strings it is totally like a different instrument, it now sounds as good as it looks and sooooo much easier on the ole fingers. I just love it now!!!!So if you decide to get one of these Mini Me Les Paul's do yourself a favor and get.......A set if Aqila stringsAquila USA Aquila Concert Ukulele StringsA Snark Uke Tuner SN-6Snark SN-6 Ukulele TunerA nice leather guitar strapFender Plain Leather Guitar Strap With Fender Logo, BlackandA Daily Ukulele Song Book by Jumpin JimThe Daily Ukulele: 365 Songs for Better Living  [DAILY UKULELE] [Paperback]You will love all of these items I am sure.When it arrives be sure to practice "Billie Jean" played by Jim Hill...see it on YouTube...it is a riot![...]orJake Shimabukuro Bohemian Rhapsody[...]Enjoy!
I really don't see how Gibson can make and sell these for $99!  The tech at the guitar shop can't see how either.  I plugged this into my roland micro cube and tried some effects.  I was really surprised to see how well they sounded.  I'm not a guitar player so this uke is just a toy/experiment for me.  If you are really into electric sound, I recommend going the guitar route.  If you just want to play around a little, this uke will do.
These are solid, good build quality and really do get the job done well.Easily adjustable, versatile in design and function, get em!
I bought these as back up stands and now use them all the time, they perform just as good as the better stands and I liked the 2 pack value... Nice...
Some of the stands I have purchased are hollow, some are solid (at the part that screws together to adjust the height of the stand). The hollow ones are a PITA because they are easier to strip and bend. All mic stand inventories I have bought from (budget lines) have this issue. I wish they would specify exactly what you are going to get in your box.
I know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  The unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a RODE M1 mic or similar.I knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but I opened one, tried to use it and can't. It was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  I suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  Again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands.
The adjustment screw for the boom is a piece of crap, a really small set screw that strips out almost immediately.  Replace that with something stronger and this would be a great stand.  They are light weight and if all you need is mic support in a fixed setting, good enuf okay I guess.  But after transporting and reset, I found them to be junk.
I didn't know when I ordered these mic stands that they were On Stage stands. They are fully adjustable, great for angling over cymbals to record drums or for using without the boom as great stands for vocal mics. Excellent quality. I'm very happy with this set.
I am still considering myself a beginner with the guitar.  I have learned a few songs, but I still am not that good enough to spend a huge amount of money on a guitar.  I wanted something that would sound nice and still be relatively cheap.  I had the Dean Electric Guitars in the past and a Fender Acoustic a while ago.  The Fender and the Dean's were very nice.  I thought the Dean's had a very nice sound to them and so did the Fender.  This guitar has a very nice sound to it as well.  I couldn't figure out the different tunings on it though.  It said Rhythm and Treble and then just regular in the middle.  I kept it on the regular because it sounded normal.  The other one's must be for some special type of music.  But this guitar sounded just as good if not better than the Dean's.  It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found.  The Dean's also had warped necks which made some notes not playable and I have not found one on this guitar which is a plus.  But this is a very nice beginner's guitar if your just looking to get started.  I would stay away from those Fender knockoff's and stuff like that and get this guitar.  I also got the cheap Rogue amp to use with it and it sounds great, plenty loud enough if not too loud sometimes.  All in all, a very nice bargain.
I have owned this guitar for about 2 years now, and it still has a great sound and is very playable, especially for the money. It stays in tune very well even though the tuners do seem a little cheaper than Epiphones I've owned in the past... but hey, they work so why change them? The overall fit and finish of the guitar is excellent for the price point, and mine has the flat black finish which hides fingerprints very well. The neck is fast and smooth and great for quick playing. The single coil p90 style pickups on this guitar scream with their own beautiful raw sound, and were the reason I bought this guitar. Take note that p90's do make a humming sound when you're not playing, which can be remedied by turning down the volume knob. This is why humbucker style pickups were invented, but the compromise of a humbucker is you lose a lot of the bite and energy that p90's give you. It really has the sound of a higher dollar guitar. I currently play it through a Fender Vibro Champ tube amp and this combo really makes playing guitar fun. I recommend this guitar if you're on a budget like me, or even if you're not on a budget and want a p90 equipped guitar in your stable.
As a gigging musician and guitar player for over 25 years I am always in the hunt for something different. I love Fenders especially telecasters (I love the simplicity of two pickups, two knobs, and a p-up selector). I wanted something with P-90s and have been impressed with budget level guitars as of late. You can get a lot more for your money these days.I pulled the trigger on one of these Les Paul Special P-90 by Epi and have been really impressed. I actually bought it as a modification platform but as of yet, I can't really think of anything to change.Pros - Simple, TV yellow is great looking with wood grain showing through, Shorter scale has that familiar Les Paul feel. Sounds KILLER through my tube amps (Peavey Classic 30 and 50, Fender Blues Jr.), lightweight, stays in tune, cheap price (not afraid to take it out to a gig, not afraid to have it stolen, let my kids play it, etc.), comfortable neck profile.Cons - Cheap tuners (but stay in tune), cheap electronics (wiring), some frets are long and sharp (my high E string gets caught under the 14th/15th fret - I haven't filed it yet), messy job at nut and fret board.All in all, this is a great guitar for a great price. I still plan on modding it, but as it stands it is perfect with all its imperfections. My upgrades, if any, will be new pots, caps, wiring, nut, perhaps tuners. No need to replace these pickups. You get to a certain point of diminishing returns when modding a cheap guitar like this. At a certain point your cost of upgrades will exceed the cost of the instrument.As a bit of a guitar snob (love my US Fenders) this guitar is getting a lot of action. I say this one just may be a keeper.
I have spent a good month with my new guitar, and I am impressed. The pickups don't suck, the potentiometers are surprisingly good, the tuners are not very good, but I can live with them. The fretwork was second to none, absolutely the best fretwork I've seen in a guitar under $500. The 60's neck profile is very fast and comfortable, and it's a satin finished neck and body (unfinished fretboard). It's also not a very heavy guitar (considering that it's a mahogany body and neck). My main issue with this guitar is that the wraparound bridge/tailpiece breaks wound strings easily. I have gone through 4 6th, and 2 5th strings in the single month I have owned this guitar. Upgrade it to something better. Your strings will thank you. Oh, and (this goes without saying) UPGRADE THE STOCK STRINGS!
I just recieved these in the mail today, and these seem to be much better quality than the original pegs in my guitar! Not much else to describe, they're fairly simple to use, and they're selling you 12 of them, so I have a spare set now! My original pegs were also white, on an all black guitar, so I'm totally excited for the new look these pegs give my guitar. I definitely recommend these for anyone that needs/wants black pegs for their acoustic, or acoustic/electric gutiar.
Good for the price, but  If you can spend a few dollars more, I would recommend the graph tech ones.
good quality plastic and attractive and cheap replacement for any acoustic guitar, slotted with taper and fits well in my bridges
they did the job.  they're plastic.  they didn't cost much.  fit my 12 string with no problems.  they aren't bone, brass, wood, pearl, don't expect them to be.
I love this tuner! Its awesome to use and efficient! The only thing I wonder about sometimes is how accurate they actually are. To my ear it sounds good but you never know???
this tuner works great.  it is easy to see and accurate for basic guitar tuning.  I use mine all the time between different alternative tunings.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my grandson who is learning to play guitar as well.  a great investment unless you have a perfect ear.
I purchased two Fender instruments, a mandolin and an acoustic guitar, each of which came with a Fender clamp-on tuner with similar functionality, but I thought to give the Snark a try. I haven't used the sound versus vibration mode much, nor have I done much with the metronome function much--I can't speak to them; however, I am very pleased with the vibration tuning. Compared to the Fender, both will get your strings tuned well; what I like better about the Snark is there is a almost no dwell from the last note stuck before the next note registers. With the Fender, I feel I have to wait a few seconds for the screen to clear before striking again, and that adds up when moving from string to string.  The Snark is bulkier in the soft gig bag; the trade-off is any easy-to-read display. Lately, it's become my go-to tuner.
This is not just a tuner - its a peacekeeper for our band.  Arguing over tuning can really take up time.  It works so good everyone in our acoustic string band is required to have one attached!  I do kind of miss the fights over who's in tune and who's flat, though.  Excellent product, though the metronome is of no value, but that's not important.  We use it for guitars, violins, violas, cello, bass guitar, voice training, and ordering pizza (who ever is out of tune pays the pizza bill).
This is the greatest practice amp ever.  And by practice I mean practicing by yourself and with a band.First, it's all tube, so it sounds really good.  It's gets nice and dirty as you crank it and sounds warm at all volumes.  It also takes pedals well and can sound like a beast.Second, it's 15 watts and is pretty darn loud.  I've used it for band practice and it's definitely loud enough to keep up with a drummer.  At a bar you'll probably need to mic it or use the included line-out.Third, if the 10&#34; speaker isn't loud enough, you can plug it into a cabinet to push more air, it sounds great in the 4x12 and 2x12 cabs I have.  That'll make it loud enough for most bars.Fourth, it has great sounding built in effects, nearly everything you'll need.  Most small tube amps don't have built in effects.  So if you're trying to practice down in the living room, you're forced to drag your effects with you.  That's annoying.  With this amp everything is built in.Fifth, unlike a lot of tube amps, this one gets very quiet.  You can turn it way down, keep the warm tone, and practice without bothering anyone else.Sixth, the price is amazing.  All tube, build in effects, and line and speaker out... wow.  Fender is basically giving these things away.I love this amp so much I want to buy one for every guitarist I know.  The only downsides are that it does not come with a cover and a footswitch.  But considering the price, that's understandable. There's no reason to include those if most people are not going to use them.  You'll only want the cover and footswitch if you're playing in a band.
I picked up one of these little gems on sale and was very surprised. The sound is very authentic as I have a 60's tube Champ in excellent working order for reference, as well as a Deville.This little amp has the classic Fender tube sound, with a broad, punchy tone and the right amount of compression. The included digital effects, (vibraphone, delay, reverb, chorus and tremolo) are all convincing and well executed.The modeling portion of the amp is also well done and includes voicing for a tweed champ, tweed deluxe clean/dirty, baseman, 65 princeton clean/dirty, 65 deluxe clean/dirty, 65 twin and an array of british and metal amps.All and all, a super practice amp or mic-able performance amp. Great job Fender.PS - I don't review products that don't stand out as excellent.
Wonderful tuner, I've used it for my acoustic and my bass and have had no problems at all.  Incredibly easy to use, super cheap and easy to just throw in your case and go.  Well worth the price!
I already had the other two Snarks and then I borrowed this version in a shop from another patron.  The readout is cool.  Makes me feel good inside to look at it.
For the money there isn't a better tuner on the market today.  This is the newer version which some have complained about the tuning lines being thicker, really?  This tuner is s[pot on every time and super fast.  You can move from string to string quick.
The compactf design of this tuner makes it easy to take with you to lessons, school, or a gig.  Works well.
I have the Snark 2 but read that this was the best so far.  I got and agreethis works better.  I would recommend it to anyone.
I have used one of the black box meter style tuners for years and struggled with it. I could never quite get the fine tune I was looking for, and I have a little bit if a pitch issue trying to tune by ear. These little tuners are amazing. So easy to use, and portable, and cheap. I have several now, one for every guitar. Cheap is important, because they are made of plastic and I have had one break at the joint after a lot of use. I also received one without a battery, which upset me at the time. I am in Afghanistan and weird watch batteries are hard to come by. If you figure they cost about as much as a fancy coffee drink they provide a lot of tuning goodness for a little money.
my only complaint is that it doesn't seem as accurate as some traditional tuners, but that's probably by design so you aren't fiddling over fractions of a semitone when you're trying to tune your guitar between songs/sets
I like the SN-2. Just thought I'd try the SN-8 Super tight tuner and was not at all disappointed.  Snark tuners have always performed well for me.  I play guitar and ukulele.  I've used and own many tuners and brands.  The Snarks just work great and the price is hard to beat.  I usually buy several at a time and give them as gifts to my musician friends.  For anyone who plays acoustic guitar - these things are so handy.
When the unit first arrived, I was concerned because the box had been damaged.  It shipped in an envelop.  However, once I opened it, I discovered an undamaged Snark tuner inside.  In an odd way, this reassured me further, as it obviously took a beating and remained undamaged.  When I put in the battery and turned it on, it functioned properly.  It clips to my guitar strong and stays put.  It's easy to read, even when I'm on stage and the lighting is less than appropriate for reading a display this size from arm's length.  I'm very pleased with the unit.
I just got my Snark tuner, and I'm very impressed with it. It attaches easily to the headstock of my guitar. The digital readout is easy to see, and it gets me in perfect tune quickly. It is far superior to previous tuners I've used.
It does a fair job but I have to place it all over the headstock to find a spot it will settle down on. It seems to pick up sympathetic string notes. I actually liked the lesser blue colored one specifically for guitars it was always responsive and accurate.
I really think it doesn't matter which Snark you buy, they are all set up to measure tuning within any instrument's range.  It was cheap, and affordable.  One of the issues I've had with Snarks is that if you get the one with the vibe and the mic, the mic quits working, and you really only need the vibe anyway, so why pay more?
Originally I bought another Snark, and liked it well enough. I'd seen this one on YouTube, and thought its little bobble head looked ... kinda silly. But then a friend lent me his for a couple of days, and I really liked the experience of being able to glance over and see if I was in tune. I was hooked. I'll look silly if it lets me stay in tune.The built-in metronome doesn't have a lot of volume, but it's clearly visible.You also get a little baggie containing three picks, the carry bag for the tuner, and a battery. Warranty runs for a year. Altogether, I'm very satisfied with this tuner.
This is my second and I love them so much. They work flawlessley and tune is amazing! Get one and dont hesitate
This is a nifty little tuner. It's accurate and is fast to turn yellow if you're off by even the slightest degree. I just leave it on my telecaster. It's a little deeper than I thought it would be; it actually lifted the tele up a little when placed in the case. But after a few weeks, the foam conformed and the neck now rests on the case support. The ratchet is a little gimmicky, but once it's set, it can be easy slid off and on the headstock.This little tuner is made to be left on one guitar. If you want one that you can move from instrument to instrument, then get a Snark.
I've been a musician for over 40 years.  I've seen an awful lot of products come and go.  I don't get excited about the latest-and-greatest very easily... but having said that, this is the best idea in headstock tuners I have encountered. I bought one, and found it so useful, I ordered two more!  Planet Waves makes good quality stuff, and they make some 'faddish' stuff.  This item is definitely in the good quality family.  It's easy to read outdoors in the daylight, yet not so bright as to distract in low stage light.  Great design, Planet Waves!  Excellent price, GO-DPS!
Not bad, but I had intended on leaving this on my instrument. I bought a few for different basses and guitars. But the switch location causes the tuner to turn on inside a gig bag (no problem with hard cases) leaving the battery dead when I took the instrument out of the case. The switch SHOULD be on the side of the unit. FWIW, I like my Snarks better...faster and more stable tuning. A near miss with the NS.
This little thing is just what I needed for my acoustics. My amp has a tuner but my regular acoustics had no true way of being tuned until now. I have one on each acoustic and they tune them right up. The read-out is easy to see since it gives you color guides to tune by. Red is wayyy off, yellow when you start getting close and green when you are in tune. Great for a quick look in between songs. Highly recommended.
When I first installed these strings I wasn't too impressed.  They felt different under my fingers and the sound was much more tinny than I'm used to.  However, after a month and a half of playing, I really do love these strings.  I got used to the feel, the tinny sound mellowed out a little, and man do they stay in tune!Cobalt strings aren't as warm as traditional nickle strings but if you play hard rock or metal I find the gain to be more articulate.  Solo's pierce through the mix without becoming too shrill and muted playing has better voicing, in my opinion.  They're also super fast.  I mentioned earlier that they feel different, and they do.  It's not necessarily a bad different it's just slicker and not as coiled feeling.  Hard to describe, but if you're used to playing nickle you'll notice the difference.Honestly, my favorite thing about these strings is their ability to stay in tune.  I went on vacation for a week, came back, picked up the guitar, expecting to have to tune it, and every single note was dead on.  As they age, you'll have to make a few minor tuning tweaks but its nowhere near as frequent as nickle.These really are a good set of strings.  If you try them just make sure to give them time.  They get better with wear.
Okay... just strung these up and ran them through three different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc).  So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review.  But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels.  On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy.  I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold.  Other's may feel differently I am sure.  Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output.  So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels.  For that 1.5 star.  Average to 3 I guess... :).  Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame).  Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment.  For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!).  I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel.  Hope this helps.
I recently changed them out for a different type of EB's while they were good the were not exactly what I was looking for. not sure the new set is either but time will tell.
The cobalt seems like it gives the strings a silkier feeling. Maybe it's just me, but that's how they come across. I noticed that these strings become discolored quicker than the stock steel, but don't lose that new sound new as fast. I didn't have near as much string stretch with these either. I'll keep using them, just maybe in a different gauge.
Not only do they seem to last a little longer with less wear but they sound good with my cheap no-name Japanese knock-off. I play mostly hard-rock these days with some mild distortion but on occasion crank it up for some tech-metal and prog-rock for solo projects where I'm playing pretty fast and sometimes hard. They also handle de-tuning well and even when using pretty loose open tuning like DADAAD, they are clear with good sustain.
These strings are amazing - they have increased power, tone and flexibility that other strings just do not have. They sound great on single coil and humbucker types of pickups. The tone is seperated throughout the string gauges so that each sting has its own distinctive part of the tone. I cna't say enough about them but get some for yourself - I'd be surprised if you ever went back to regualr strings.
Works very well although I wish it had wider strapping or a choice of purchasing with a wider strap. Don't hesitate to purchase.
I didn't like the arm through one part and your head through the other so I cut it apart and just hang my uke from my neck and the top of the sound hole. Works like a charm......is more easily adjusted and the felt lined sound hole clip has not damaged my uke at all.
I wan't sure I would like this thing when I ordered it, but it was cheap enough to try.  I don't like using it as much as I thought I would, but that's just me.  The device works as advertised.  Over a long period of use, I think it might leave a mark on the sound hole, even though the hook is padded.
These do definitely have more output. I really don't know what else to say about them. It's all about personal preference so... But if you like earnie ball non cobalt you will probably like these too. Oh, one thing I can say is that harmonic squeals and harmonics in general are better defined and sustain longer with these.
Tried these on Les Paul style with Jimmy pgae wiring harness and through four different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc). So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review. But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels. On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy. I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold. Other's may feel differently I am sure. Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output. So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels. For that 1.5 star. Average to 3 I guess... :). Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame). Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment. For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!). I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel. Hope this helps.
Great feel to them and nice sounding.  They do seem to stay in tune a bit longer but then they are thicker than what I normally use.  I think I will try these in the super slinky
These strings have a snappier feel and a louder volume (amplified) than regular nickel / steel strings. Cobalt is a different material for making strings and is supposed to have a higher output and a longer life. I recently ordered the new M-Steels from Ernie Ball to try them out as they are supposed to have even more Cobalt for even better output. I use P90 single coils on my Godin LG and these strings sound great. They have a nice feel to them and I can bend the heck out of them. No breaking. No problems with slipping and tuning. I'm hoping the M-Steels will be even better, but if not, these are a vast improvement over the regular strings that I was using, which were Ernie Ball's regular slinky's, made from Nickel.
These strings are really nice.  They have a great tone, decent longevity, and the trademark Ernie Ball feel.  Some reviewers have stated that the strings have a silky feel - even comparing them to coated strings - but I don't find that to be the case.  They feel pretty much like any other guitar string, albeit much gentler than stainless strings.  If money were no option, I'd probably move to these exclusively, but at roughly three times the price of good to great nickel strings, I'm not sure that they are good enough to justify the massive price premium.  Each string did come inside its own protective sleeve, which made restringing easier and is a feature that I absolutely expect from a premium string.
The best EB Slinky's I've ever used. On these I use the light's--9's. Even with the whammy bar they stay in tune really well. I use them on all 4 of My Guitar's. Two Fender American Standard's, Gibson ES-335. Gibson Les Paul/ with Bigsby. I always have a set in each case..... Try'um... Ya won't regret it !!!!!
These lighter strings are still the best thing for guitar tone since they ran a wire to them. My other review was for the heavier gauge Cobalts but these sound just as good, regardless of P90, strat single coil or humbucker. Great tone, sustain and flexibility. I am sold on any Cobalt gauge - head and shoulders better than any other string on the market and I have tried them all.
I bought this harmonica for our son...the music enthusiast. He loves it. It seems to be manufactured well...as it is substantive in weight  and seems to be solidly built. Only time will tell. But for now it seems to be a decent harmonica. I actually bought two harmonicas for him, just in case one breaks. Couldn't pass it up as it was selling for such an affordable price. Our son says it's easy to use and has a good sound quality.  Hey, if it makes our son happy, so be it. Highly recommend.
I bought this harmonica to go with my guitar and add a little extra music. This was a very nice harmonica and comes with a nice case as well.
It was suggested that I start with this product since I'm learning and adding it to my repertoire of instruments.  Comes in a nice box and the quality is outstanding.
Good little instrument to pass the time with while setting on a porch or at a campfire with friends. Buy this.
I'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! I am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are.
I suppose it does what it is suppose to do, it is not expensive and a good way to get a feel if I want to spend more bucks for a better one.
Excellent for a serious youngster learning to play, priced right.  The thirteen-year-old for whom it was purchased likes it very much and is progressing very well.
I love this light both for the music stand and for my laptop. It has two brightness settings. Illuminates an entire music stand if adjusted properly.
I found the brightness of the light to be adequate, and would probably give it 4 or 5 stars, but it takes three AAA batteries that according to the packaging are only good for 7 hours. I did not realize this when I bought it, but after replacing the batteries a few times I went to a local music store and asked for a light that you could plug in to the AC.  They sold me the Encore model for $35, it is brighter, includes the AC adaptor and a nice carrying case  After I got home I figured out that they sell an optional AC adaptor for the hammerhead for about $10, so for only $5 I could have just bought the Encore model and been better off.  If you are going to get one of these hammerhead lights, go ahead and spring for one that includes the adaptor, it will save you a lot of money in the long run.
Not really bright enough. Both bright and lower light levels are exactly the same.  I would look for something else if I didn't already have this.  OK for reading a small book in bed, but doesn't cover the sheet music brightly enough.
Cool little light, but three minor gripes: (1) the arm is of a very flexible metal coil and almost a little too flexible, (2) the battery compartment cover comes off a little easy, and (3) the light is a little on the dim side. But I think it'll work well overall and I like the fact that it's so compact and portable.
tennessee saxe/fun to use... not going to be part of a blues band anytime soon.. Still, seems to be good quality..Of course Hohner has been around longer than me....
Easy to play. Decent quality. Not expensive. Easy to bend. Plastic comb with no recess.This is the lowest level you'd want to really play the harmonica and it won't break the bank.
Sounds great! Still suck at bending 3 &4. A buddy of mine got one, and he's killing it on the bends. we both been playing for about 3 months. Great harp. Will buy another if it ever wears out.
I bought the Special 20 Pro Pack(Keys G,A & C)!!Love them. Was using cheep Pidmont Blues Harps(toys)!!I had to have more, like an addiction!!I bought a D then this Bb, then E.Won't be long & I'll get a F!!This harp,Bb, has a beautiful tone.Always loved the sound of the Bb!!Made in Germany,quality musical instrument,not a toy!!If you own Special 20's then you already know how good they are.If you don't try one.You might end up with 6 like me,or more,in no time!!Worth every cent!!If they are good enough for John Popper & Bob Dylan they're good enough for me.A PLEASURE to play!!!Joe
Really great sounding harmonica. Beautiful sound and very well made! Very happy with this product and the price is incredible!
First real harmonica i have owned. Read all the reviews and this harp was recommended by many. The price is right and the quality seems good too. Didnt take me long to start to pick up some techniques such as bending and single/double blow/draw. Still trying to get the overblow. I am far from perfecting the techniques but this harp is pretty easy to bend notes on. It has a good seal also. Only change i would like is a more rounded shape in the back.
I am forever meeting people who rave about this harp, but had not tried one for myself until today. It is a wonderful harp, with perfect tuning, easy bend-ability, does not buzz or squeak, and belies it's reasonable sale price.  I went for the Key of Bb, and love the tone, the playability and the just right feel of the instrument. For anyone not yet having a Special 20, I heartily recommend it - beginner, intermediate or advanced students, or the performer on stage - this harp is simply great. I am not often surprised by anything but this harp surprised me - it is not expensive at all, and sounds as good as others I have that are four times the price. I am a Hohner Marine Band Special Twenty convert  - I will get a couple more to add to my ever growing box of harps.
I've been playing and collecting ukuleles since spring of 2010.  Good news:  these Aquila strings are on most new ukuleles.  Bad news:  These Aquila strings are NOT standard on some others.  I was able to take off the old ones and install these in less than half-hour.  (You can get a tutorial to do anything on YouTube!)  They will stretch and de-tune for a few days, but once tuned, they sound, and just perform, great.  Good price, great product.  Order extra to keep on hand.
need to learn to read, since I have bought two other sets with a wound C string,, so bought these because I was having alot of trouble with my tenor uku my wife bought for me for Xmas,,  have since made a new nut and saddle to fix ( ok bandaid ) a high third fret which also I have sanded down and now is lining up with the others..
These strings are great.  They are very mellow sounding and I like them a lot.  This is what came on my uke, and I wanted to make sure I hade replacements.  I got both hi and lo G sets.
I put these on an Epiphone Les Paul acoustic-electric and it sounds so great. They are very smooth and warm and magical, like a mythical unicorn.
Great strings, the strings on my Epiphone Les Paul wore out so i bought these, my ukulele sounds better than when i first bought it. Kinda wish they came in black, the white contrasts with the color of my uke.
Best strings for my ukulele. These are great quality. I only use Aquila strings on my instruments. Highly recommended. My ukulele has a better tone with these strings.
If you buy a ukulele, and it does not have these strings, you should replace them with these strings. Strings make a big difference in any ukulele.
These strings are the best.  Haven't found any others that sound and feel so good.  They lasted 3 years and I play nearly every day for hours.  Go figure!  I actually thought I didn't need to change strings (still don't know for sure) because they still sounded so good and show no wear.  Anyway I decided to change the strings because it's been so long.  Happy that I did however.
Aquila strings will never let you down. Highly recommended by all serious Ukulele players. Italian made, need I say more.
I admit it, my memory is getting worse and this thing does the trick. Hold my tab securely so I can flip though it with ease while I'm still playing my guitar. Much more professional than having a music stand and paper up on stage.
I had so much trouble putting this thing together and figuring out exactly how it worked that I almost sent it back.But with a little trial and error, I figured it out.That said, this thing is ROCK SOLID... I was a bit apprehensive at the idea of suspending a $700 iPad five feet off the ground in a spring loaded plastic clip, but this thing is built like a brick house and is super strong in terms of grip.
I like the overall design of this mount although it would be nice to have a little bit more articulation. The best thing is that I can leave my ipad in the LIFEPROOF case for performances so I don't have to worry about water, sweat, or other various liquids and beverages hurting my main daime, my ipad. I use my ipad for almost everything these days and I certainly can't see going back to a lyric book after using the ipad and the SET LIST MAKER app. Then thes the real book app and of course notes and pages, iBooks, etc. it is a great tool for gigging musicians and this mount gets it up where you can see it. Best thing I've bought for my ipad in a while.
I've been using this for my ipad for chord sheets as I play on a weekly basis and it has been great! Being able to not have to use a music stand and having it right below me attached to the mic stand is really convenient. It grips really nicely and attaches itself onto the mic stand really easily. I've owned it for a while now and haven't had any problems with it.
I used it once, will only use it when I'm in front of it, so that, no one takes it, it works great when you're using your tablet and I use it for playing Pandora when playing in clubs, It not Djing it's DJ sound without the DJ, no offends DJ your job isn't easy, but when their isn't a DJ this helps. Remember to have Wifi in order to connect to Panadora.
This is a must have for musicians or even speech givers that may want to use a table for their music/speeches.  It is easily mounted on the Mic stand and can be adjusted to your needs. I would not do without it now as it easily replaced my cumbersome music sheet stand. I am using it with my Samsung tablet and can also be used with my wife's Toshiba tablet.  Highly recommended.
First time using item and it broke. The round back that screws onto the mic stand broke. I was really excited to have this and us it now that I transferred all my music sheet to my iPad. As soon as I took it off the mic stand the round piece came off. Would have rather contacted the seller than post a not so good review, but it only kept referring to delivery. I do like the product and it did hold my iPad steady even with a leather case on. Sad!
This tablet mount allows me to use my large Toshiba Thrive in live performance situations now.  It makes a solid physical connection to the mic stand, I never worry about it readjusted or slipping during use.
Love joyo pedals.  Not sure yet on the new line.  They just dont feel as solid to me. That being said the pedal sounds great. great distortion no issues beyond my concerns regarding the light build and esp the switch. time will tell
I am a confessed and unrepentant hoarder of dirtboxes and I like this pedal a lot.  This is my 5th Joyo pedal- I already own the Ultimate Drive, Vintage Overdrive, Crunch Distortion, and Octive Fuzz pedals.  I consider Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line to be some of the best values in stomp-boxes these days.  You've already heard the particulars about this pedal, so I won't go into the features.  The build quality does appear to be a hair shoddier than all my other Joyo pedals (which are earlier versions).  The switch seems a little less heavy-duty, and the case seems to be thinner metal.  That said, the case is still metal and isn't going to fail in any way.  The switch- well, we will have to wait and see.  For $35 or so, I'm not going to complain.  Soundwise, this product offers excellent gain for this price level.  It's not particularly suited for Pantera, but you can do modern mid-gain up to Metallica without any problems.  This is not an overdrive, so it doesn't do the 'just on the verge of breakup' thing like a tubescreamer does.  That's not what it was designed to do.  I run it into a cleanish tube amp and it sounds very good.  I've also boosted it with the following with a good result:  SD Pickup Booster, Cool Cat Transparent Overdrive, Tubescreamer (TS9,Joyo Vintage OD, Behringer TO800), Tech 21 Comptortion.  If you play rock/ hard rock through a single channel amp (like a Blues Jr, Valve Jr or Pro Jr) and you want to make it a two channel amp, this will get you there. Most people compare this pedal to the Suhr Riot.  I do not own that pedal, so I can not fairly make a comparison.  I have seen several videos comparing the two and as far as that is concerned, I hear enough similarity that I am not compelled to shell out $200 for the Riot. Another comparison that gets made is that the US Dream is close to a ProCo RAT.  I own an original 80s RAT and I don't think they are all that similar.  The US Dream has a tighter low end and more treble.  Not better or worse- just different enough that they don't completely cover the same sonic territory.  Admitedly, I don't own a newer RAT-  maybe that one is closer to the US Dream.  For what they are charging, this is another home run for Joyo-
True meaning of the US Dream...it is hard with a soft overtone giving a sense of calm and well being... wow yes that is it. no more to be written joy o the american dream.
this pedal is simple...i own 4 or 5 joyo overdrive pedals ,.i love them all...they all differ somewhat,,,,i fell in love with this one the most,.,set volume and gain to maximum loudness that you desire,,,then back off your guitar volume and it cleans up wonderfully....and when you are ready to wail, just turn up your guitar volume.,,,,and whammo,...its a very non-colored sounding overdrive...,,its hard to call it any particualr sound...its just really good and clear and powerful....
I realized I didn't have any distortion pedals, only a bunch of overdrive pedals, so I set out to find a distortion pedal.  After scouring the forums I find out the pedals that are supposed to be very good are also very pricey.  Since I don't want to spend a bunch of money I get this one and it is great, albeit quite bright.  The only thing I don't like about this pedal is the brightness, which can be tamed with the tone knob, otherwise it is easy to use, sounds really good and is transparent. Transparent in that it doesn't add a lot of color to your amp just distortion.  I use this pedal with vintage Fender Silverface amps, which are already bright, so I turn the tone more to the bass side and also shape my tone with the Spark Booster that I have in front of the US Dream. I have to use the Spark Booster to hit the US Dream hard because most of the guitars I use don't have hot enough pickups.The price was right, I'm happy with it.
Dirt box gold for under 50 bucks! Highly adjustable tone, volume and distortion level that won't tank your amplifier tone, while letting you get between everything from back alley blues to blistering metal. I love this pedal!!! The true bypass is a bonus if you are in love with your amp's tone, but lose it when you engage your pedal. Not anymore. I know there are some great distortion pedals on the market, but you won't find this quality and tone at a better price. Joyo win.Sorry OS-2 - it's pawnshop time for you!
The US Dream is supposed "clone" of the Suhr Riot, and is the only one of the "new" model Joyo pedals that I own.  This is a high-gain distortion pedal that covers the gain range of something like a ProCo Rat, but retains its clarity even at higher gain settings.When I first pulled it out of the box and plugged in, it sounded great, but I wondered if it might be a little bright.  I was pleasantly surprised when I rolled back the tone knob to around 10 o'clock, and it rolled off the harsh high end while retaining clarity and fullness.  At least with my setup (Les Paul into a Vox Valvetronix 40-watt), this is one of the few distortion pedals capable of full-sounding power chords and singing high leads.  Unlike some distortion pedals that have a "fizzy" (DS-1) or "cocked wah" sound (Boss Power Stack), I was really pleased with the tone all over the neck of my guitar.While Joyo makes several dozen effects pedals at good prices, this is one of the first three I would recommend, along with the outstanding Ultimate Drive and the warm-sounding Vintage Overdrive.However, it's worth noting that the build quality is a bit suspect on the "new" model Joyo pedals, which are notably lighter than those numbered JF-17 and lower.  The weight is comparable to an MXR '78 Badass Distortion, except the switch and output jacks are more suspect.  Still, if a pedal SOUNDS great and has yet to fail on me, I refuse to trash it in review until something on it actually fails me.  I think if you take care of it and use it reasonably, it should last for awhile, but if it doesn't, being out $55 is still better than being out $100+.
A very boring, dull, uninspiring Pedal. Don't waste your time with this. A Boss SD-1 or Digitech Bad Monkey are far better options for this price range.
I just received this a day ago and bought it on whim after being very impressed with the Joyo Crunch Pedal.  This is (I think) based on a very expensive sweet honey drive pedal.  It's supposed to be very reactive to your playing.  Dig in and it puts out distortion, play soft and it cleans up.  This is much more noticeable the cleaner you run your amp.  I can say it's pretty reactive and feels like a very responsive tube screamer.  I've heard some say they find the distortion from this pedal a little harsh but I find is wonderfully smooth with some grit.  I found it really warmed up my sound in a good way.  I'm playing an american strat with noisless Dimarzio Area pickups through a Vox AC15 and it's an awesome combo.  I put this pedal in front of my OCD and I was really getting some sweet tones.  If I had to play out with just my amp and one pedal for a little dirt this might win over my OCD.  It's expensive for a Joyo but cheap for a really good OD stomp.  It's definitely not for metal or heavier distortion stuff but it's got plenty on tap for blues and classic rock.  So far I've been super pleased by Joyo pedals.  The jury is still out on how well they hold but but they sure sound and perform pretty darn well.
This is my 6th Joyo pedal and like the others, it does not dissapoint.  I think these and the Dano Cool Cat line are some of the best bang for your buck in pedals these days.  Like many have mentioned, this pedal is like a TS but without the mid-hump.  This pedal is really about getting touch sensitive low gain responsiveness and texture.  When you run it into a cleanish tube amp and you dig it, it breaks up.  When you play lightly, it gets cleaner- which is why it is so similar to the $200 Sweet Honey pedal (the controls are also identical but I haven't compared the internals).  That touch sensitivity is lost IMHO if you stack this with another dirt box or if you are running it into an amp that is already raging with gain.  When you do that, it acts more like a traditional OD would- which is totally cool, but you are losing the touch sensitivity thing that sets this pedal apart.  If I could only bring one dirt box to the gig it would probably be something more mid-gain (like the Joyo Ultimate Drive or the Dano Transparent OD)  but if you are in the market for a sweet honey pedal and don't have that kind of bankroll, you should definately check this out-Edit:  Having owned this pedal for a while, I realize I was incorrect in saying you lose touch sensitivity running into another dirtbox.  This pedal actually plays well with mid-gain types of overdrives like the Joyo Ultimate Drive, the OCD, or the Dano Drive.  When you dig in, you CAN get more breakup so long as the other overdrive isn't dimed.  This pedal has become an essential, 'always on' pedal for me !
This is my favorite pedal...and I have a ton. Lots of high end pedal and this a cheap (only in price) pedal! Great bluesy tones....sweet and warm when the drive is down...mean and nasty when the drive is cranked up. Like a cranked tube amp. If you play the blues...this is your pedal. I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals.
I've owned more than one overdrive pedal in my 30 years of playing guitar and the only one I still have on my pedal board is the Boss Super Overdrive...Sweet Baby is well on the way of living up to that legend as well. I have nothing but high praise for this amazing pedal. It really does react to your playing style. Unlike other overdrive pedals I've used this one really gets smooth when you back off of your string attack and starts to growl the harder you dig in. As far as the pedal goes it is pretty much the same as a lot of them...instead of a tone knob they call it "focus", there is also a volume and drive knob. The sounds I can get out of the Sweet Baby are some of the best I've ever used and easy to dial in. I own a lot of pedals but lately I keep my chain setup real simple...the guitar goes into a EHX-Crying Tone wah pedal, then the Sweet Baby, then a Boss Super Overdrive (used as a lead solo gain boost... I don't use Distortion pedals.), next is an MXR Micro Chorus followed by an MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay. The whole chain goes into the 2nd channel of my Fender Deluxe Reverb amp. I use the foot switch that came with amp to turn on the tremolo when needed... I play mostly Blues and Classic Rock. The Sweet Baby is well made and I don't see it failing me anytime soon. You can spend hundreds more on name brand pedals but what works for me at the end of the day is alive and well in this "clone" overdrive tone blender...Update: this pedal has since been returned. It went out with me on a few gigs and didn't hold up to life on the road. The connections inside the box came loose and became a major problem before a few gigs...I have since put my Boss Super Overdrive back in the chain...while I truly loved the tone from this product in the end you get what you pay for.
I bought this based on video reviews on the net.  My first impressions:To my ears, if the OCD / Ultimate OD simulates "fat" power tube distortion, this pedal simulates a lightly distorted tube pre-amp, with a bit of edge, sharpness, the kind of edge the tube amps have.  The focus knob seems like a tone knob, maybe more in the upper mids than the treble, but it does the job well.I wish it had a bit more gain.  Surprisingly, this pedal with the gain on 10 and the tone on 10, gives me a great metal tone all by itself!  If i boost the pedal with say a few db of clean boost, it gets me exactly where I'd want to be (a dry, tight metal tone, kinda 5150ish.  And while this isn't the purpose of the pedal, it is how I've ended up using it just because it sounds better than any amp sim and produces less heat than my tube amps.  It's tight, its raw, there is no fizz and no boomyness, just a healthy low end.  Crank the knobs on this thing to 10 and you have a very aggressive, tight tone that makes even my Marshall Class 5 tight and grindy enough for Scandinavian style metal.Over all though, this is great for lightly distorted / edge of distorted sounds.  It gave my clean tone a sharper, more "amp like" tone (that is, midscooped slightly with the tone knob in the middle.) I think this would be great for Hendrix covers on his cleaner stuff, it just has that chimey, vintage amp character (very early marshalls, older fenders) with the ability to go from clean to dirty with simple attack variation.  If your clean channel is overly "flat", this will liven it up to more "sharp", scooped tone, which to my ears sounds more vintage.Basically, from Hendrix to modern de-tuned metal (with a definite mids emphasis - not "80s marshall mids" but  modern mids emphasis).
very nice compressor.  I leave it on all the time and it really improves my tone/sustain.  Can be fairly subtle or can provide significant squish if you want that sort of thing.  Quiet - much quieter than other compressors in this price range.  No concerns here
Fantastic pedal, especially considering the price. Prior to this pedal, I've used an MXR Dyna Comp and a TC Electronics Nova Dynamics compressor. This is low-noise compared to the MXR and simple to use. It doesn't get as &#34;squashy&#34; as other compressors, so don't plan on getting this if you want something other than a fairly transparent compressor for extra sustain and unified output.
No way this thing cost lest than $40.  I needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so I gave the Joyo pedals a try and I am pleasently surprised.  This compares to my other compression pedals I own...in a metal case???? BONUS.  I'm super happy with my Joyo pedals.
This is probably the best pedal purchase I have ever made.  I'm not familiar with more expensive compressors and how they might be noticeably better, but this one sounds exactly how I would expect a compressor to work.  It just makes things sound solid.  I've watched the wave envelope it puts out using Audacity and Adobe Audition and the compression works as advertised.
Great price for a carbon copy pedal. Just buy it you wont regret it. It beats spend gobs of cash that you could spend on other things
It seems to do nothing as an effect and draws power reducing the volume on your instrument as well as the amp.  Not sure if it is just a broken pedal or if it is just junk. When received the package did not appear to be damaged, but I have tried it on 3 different amps and i get the same results regardless of the amp or the instrument.
As thrilled as I have been with the Chinese-made Joyo overdrive and distortion pedals I've tried out in the recent past, I felt like the JF-10 Dyna Compressor was somewhat of a risk.  I had been using the very excellent MXR Custom Comp already, but was frustrated with its lack of external controls and versatility.  Also, it's one thing thing for Joyo to "clone" the circuitry of a distortion pedal, but could they do it accurately with an "always on" effect like compression?Well, Joyo has absolutely done it, and they've done it well enough that I'm selling my MXR.  Compressors are hard to explain, and even harder to demonstrate on a YouTube video, so let me offer my explanation of what this pedal does, and why you should give it a try for only around $40.The primary effect of compression is to "level" or normalize the output across frequencies.  Particularly with a clean signal, aggressive playing can lead to annoying volume swells.  Also, certain notes sustain, while others seem to die out too early.  Compression "smooths" over these problems and levels everything to a polished, presentable sound.The secondary effect of compression is that the pedal can sustain single notes and chords by increasing their level after they would normally die out.  In this area, the Joyo JF-10 is superior to many other compressors because it gives you "Attack" and "Sustain" knobs.  "Attack" refers to how soon the compression effect kicks after the note is struck.  Turning the knob up produces a "chicken picking" effect where the note is very clear and pronounced.  Adjusting the "Sustain" knob, obviously, increases the length of time that the note or chord continues to play at volume.  Like most compressors, there is also a "Level" control to change the volume of the compressed sound.Of the compressors you can actually find under $100 (such as the MXR Dyna Comp and BOSS CS-3 Compression Sustainer), I like this one the best.  The MXR models have a good clarity of tone, but with only two knobs, the lack of customization is a problem.  You may want high sustain or attack for playing U2-type guitar parts, but might find excess sustain too "messy" for punchy AC/DC riffs.  The Joyo allows you to make this change easily.The BOSS CS-3 is a good pedal that has controls for attack, sustain, and also tone, but the pedal produces a lot of noise, and the resulting tone sounds too digitized.  Also, a "tone" knob on a compression pedal strikes me as an admission that the pedal is CHANGING your tone, which good compression really shouldn't do.  The Joyo Dyna Compressor sounds like MY guitar and amp, it just puts some polish on the final product, and allows me to add sustain and "punch" if I see fit.  Great pedal, and amazing value!
Joyo continues to surprise me. This thing is all metal, looks very sleek, is true bypass, and all around works well.The individual bands actually light up, which is pretty cool.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was they forgot to drill a hole for the power indicator led left of the footswitch. You can see the led on nearly every other Joyo pedal for an idea of how it should look. However it doesn't even show up in the product picture on amazon. It wasn't a big deal, I just drilled a little 1/8&#34;ish hold and it fits through.
For the price, this lil guy does the job.  I got this to add to my pedal board and it seems to do a good job boosting the mids and highs that seem to get lost in the pedals and cables.  The pedal is somewhat cheaply made, the jacks don't really seem to fit the housing so well, but i do have it somewhat semi-permanently fixed to the board so i do not think that this will be an issue.
I was hesitant to pick up an overdrive or delay from Joyo but took a chance on the EQ.  I really like this pedal and it does exactly what it should.  I use it mostly as a boost with a slight shaping of the EQ but it can be used to get a scooped sound, mids boost, hi/lowpass or whatever you need.  It's a quiet pedal and claims to have true bypass.  When the pedal is engaged the 6 lights for each band come on and they seem sturdy enough.I would just subtract a star because it seems a little strangely designed.  Not the performance side of the pedal as far as I can tell, but for example, the "N" on the "IN" label on the right is backwards, and it comes in a weird box with plenty of Engrish so I'm skeptical as to how it will hold up to being stomped on.  Time will tell, but for now it seems like a great box for the money.
I like the amount of frequencies available for adjustments- I run this through a Furman pedal board and there is little to no noise - for the money this is a good product-
Alright, it was $30 not $130 - I already had a pretty low expectation bar so would say it gets the job done but not the most &#34;sound-sculpting&#34; investment you could make. As a mid range, lead boost it serves a very practical purpose though.
true bypass, doesnt color your sound at all when turned offzero noise, none at allvery useable bands, and useable amounts of gain50+ years as a gigging guitaristmy ears have always liked a lot of midsunfortunately, most amps and modelers consider &#34;mids&#34; to be a much higher frequency than what i consider mids to bei love a nice &#34;bump&#34; in the 800 mhz frequency and this pedal delivers that perfectly.great pedal at a great price
For not a whole lot of money it does what more expensive EQ pedals do. Its well made and sturdy with a metal body.
When I tried it out the first time the octave seemed to be intermittent. Noting that this product comes from China the first thing I suspected was cold solder joints.  I warmed up the soldering iron and opened 'er up and YES!  not only were there cold solder joints but there was a small piece of loose wire shorting components at random. Typical of quality control in the People's Republic of China. A little touch-up with the soldering iron and it's back to normal, whatever that is.  I'm a bit disappointed with the octave but I'm keeping it because it's a good fuzz (and I voided the warranty).  The Normal/Mid-Cut switch is part of why it's a great fuzz.I think I'll replace the Fuzz control with a pot that provides a wider range before going into supersaturation but the rest of the controls I'll leave alone.Dislikes:  quality of Chinese products is a crap shoot.Likes: it's a good, affordable effect
The Joyo pedal looks kool and has some kool features but those are the main pros. Ive never been a big fuzz kind of player but i figured its only $40 so why not? The first thing i learned about this pedal is It does what it's suppose to do but with some drawbacks. There is veryyy loud feedback through the pedal. If you go this pedal and didnt have a noise suppresser you'd be up the creek. Although it is a fuzz pedal is it does "fuzz" things then that's why I give it 4 stars. I deduct 1 star because the loud feedback. But in the long run I would just check other pedal out and look for a better alternative.
This pedal sort of let me down a bit.I really cannot find a musical sounding adjustment,I can hear a small amount of octave when I adjust it but it is mostly a fuzz pedal with a mid range cut switch.If this was more of an octave pedal I would have been entirely more into the way it sounds.I kept it because to be honest it is very cheap.Why bother sending it back? It is a very good paper weight and I have even used it as a hammer and pounded nails in with it.Lets face it,If someone breaks into my house I can whack them on the head with it and knock them out.I just cannot get any octave sounds idk am I missing something? Joyo I like your other pedal but this one makes me want to punch your entire company in the mouth.
I got this from a "direct from china" vendor.  When it arrived the volume pot was not working.  It would only operate at about the first 1/4 of travel and then die off.  I was ready to give up but on the second day it just started working(???).  So I don't know if it's a fair representation of these pedals.  I have two other fuzz's(Swollen Pickle & MXR 108 Classic Fuzz).  To me this pedal is pretty nice but sounds a bit compressed.  The Octave feature is a little useless for anything other than lead work and the mid-cut makes it a bit nasal sounding.  Don't get me wrong, it's a pretty cool pedal but it's not as nice to my ears as my other two fuzz pedals.  But those pedals are about $100+ so if you just want to play around with a fuzz pedal this might do the trick.  But do buy from a local vender in case you get a lemon.  All in all I think if you really want a quality fuzz pedal you might be better off somewhere else.  I own a few other joyo pedals that I love but to me this one is just OK.
I am a fan of Joyo-  I own the vintage OD, the Ultimate Drive, the Sweet Baby, the US Dream,  the Crunchbox clone, and this one.  This is probably my least favorite Joyo pedal.  I'm giving it 3 stars for the fuzz it delivers on the cheap, but the octive leaves much to be desired.  I have read that there is a simple mod that will correct the octive issue.  Apparently, one of the components is installed in a reversed positon, which results in the lackluster octive.  I haven't taken mine apart for the fix, but I read that it's just unsolder, flip, and resolder the same component.  You can google it for better instructions.  Still, this ain't bad for the pocket change they charge.  The reason I haven't fixed it yet is I have the feeling that once I mod it, it will sound just like my Dano French Toast- albiet with a sturdier case and true bypass-
For the price, this is an amazing pedal. The sound from a $40 pedal is outstanding, much better than I ever expected.The Voodoo is a fuzz pedal, meant to give a sort of Jimi Hendrix sound. This pedal creates fuzz and can raise a note an octave. Alone it does a decent job of transforming my guitar into something like Hendrix. I was able to hold a note for two minutes with this box, the sustain is big. All was not completely perfect, it might be me and the way I'm adjusting this, but I had a bit of trouble with feedback.From a sound standpoint, this is a great value and does a good job of fuzzing up my sound. Combined with Joyo's California, Hendrix is almost in the house. (Joyo JF-15 Guitar Effect Pedal California Sound True Bypass)I have a Boss ME-70 multi-effect pedal. This Joyo single effect pedal blows away my Boss pedal, I'm almost sad to say that. I don't have experience with other single effect pedals, so I can't make a comparison to those more costly pedals.I have a Marshall Amp and cabinet with 4 x 12 inch speakers. My guitar is a Gibson Les Paul 2008 Standard Plus.From a construction standpoint, these are remarkable for the price point. The whole thing has a good weight. The base has a dense skid resistant foam rubber on it. The box is a solid cast metal box, with a very heavy metal base. The bypass and octave up switches are solid and bolted tightly to the box. The 1/4 inch input and output jacks are really sweet - there is a metal insert that screws into the plastic internal jack. It looks to me like it would be very hard to break this jack - that outer ring is heavy duty. The pots look really good. For this pedal, they went with press on knobs. If the knob ever breaks, they are a very easy replacement at Radio Shack. The only weak point is the somewhat thin Mid Cut toggle switch. Given that it is between three knobs, I think it would be hard to break this switch - but it is a little lighter weight than I would like.The pedal comes with a 9 Volt battery. It also has a standard 9V power jack on the side, to use an AC adapter or large rechargeable battery pack.This is not a high end pedal, at this price point, nobody should ever expect that. But darn it, this is one amazingly nice pedal when I consider price. Well worth the investment.The GateShop provided me with a sample of this pedal for review.
I'm not sure what I was expecting.  This definitely is a fuzz, but the one I got doesn't seem to have much in the way of subtlety.  It's either nothing, a lot, a lot more or way too much.  It's not bad and it's probably just my personal preferences, but this just isn't my cup of tea.
Not the greatest pedal..  Gives a really broken sound.  There is no mid way on this pedal either...  It seems its either all out fuzz assault or nothing.  The octave is a joke.  Having said all that I could see this pedal really shining with a punk sound where bar chords are in abundance.
Kenny Wayne Shepherd - "Blue On Black"Nail the lead - use a Strat in the neck position.Gets close enough to fake it for a club band.Sounds pretty close to the more expensive models from Chicago Iron.This pedal will save you $300 or more from the CI model - and it's close enough.Some are concerned with the switches - I am running it in an FX loop pedal - so it rarely gets the button pushed anymore.I have the Joyo Ultimate OD also - nice pedal - I think I like this little company.
I've got several guitars and CAPOs - this one is not too bad. I would still prefer classic style. Seems like spring is a bit too strong. Price is great thou!
Easy to use from day one and I am a beginner at the guitar - would recommend it to any one.
I bought this in order to have one in my 12 string guitar case. I like to keep a capo in each of my guitar cases. It works okay for 6 string guitars, but not even okay for 12 string guitars, plus the spring, became loose. You get what you pay for in this case.
This works fine on a standard guitar.  No issues whatever.  I see other reviewers having issues.  Not sure if that's from rough handling.  But for casual use this one is completely fine.
I have purchased about 5 of these in the past 4 years. I have found no major issues with any of them. Expect to do a small amount of fretwork, such as filing and finishing some of the fret ends, checking the frets for crowns, filing those down and polishing the frets. As with any neck, even the high dollar ones, the truss rod will likely need minor adjustment after it is strung and set up. They come unfinished but well sanded. I sand a bit extra, but one could spray it out of the box. I like to use 3 coats of amber and 6 to 9 coats of clear lacquer, satin or semi gloss. None of these are select quarter sawn wood, but they are an excellent bargain for anyone wanting to build a guitar or replace a broken neck on an instrument.
well it is worth the money in my opinion however i had to take about a quarter inch total off the sides for it to fit the pocket not that difficult really. the stripe needed to be sanded flush good thing it is not pre finished. the rod had to be  adjusted to get proper relief and the headstock is a little larger than a fender. for the price worth the small effort it took to get it rockn
Fretted Maple Fender(R) Telecaster(TM)-style Neck with Truss Rod this is one of many fender necks I have purchased from this company I have built several telecasters and fender P bass and Stratocaster bodies all so far have been great to play the quality in the wood is great. I have purchased Womack&#8217;s in the past granted there superb necks but there price is way over the top. When I must replace a neck I think for the money this isa great way to go JohnJ
I have yet to install this neck, but have purchased enough necks over the years to have a really good idea of what to expect. There is little to no evidence of corners being cut, just to start. Materials and labor all look good to great. Measuring for fit and specifications is on the money. Not having the mounting screw holes drilled is actually a plus as most &#34;econo necks&#34; seem to be off by at least 1/8.&#34; I'd rather have the trouble of drilling them from scratch than having to plug them with dowels and re-drill. Frets look good, and nut looks good. Until I can install it, I can only really vouch for 4/5 stars.Long story short is this neck looks better than many I've had that cost 2X as much, or more. Unless it has a twist or hump, it actually earns the 5th star. Even if the frets need a little cleanup, it still earns the 5th star. While some may not like the flatter radius, I'd argue that it makes it easier to get the frets in so that they aren't as much of an issue. And it is clearcoated - maybe not a nice amber finish, but most more expensive necks may have no finish at all. So again, another reason for the 5th star.
I like the capo, only it seems a little stiff when opening it up to put it on or take it off.  It was actually a bronze color instead of gold, but that's not a big deal to me.  I'm interested on the durability of this, but for the price, how can you go wrong?
It arrived on time and was as described. Price was very reasonable.  It is easy to use with one hand and does the job.  Not sure what else can be said about a capo.  They either work or do not.  The other aspect is longevity and only use and  time will tell that.
A three star at best. I was not impressed with the finish or feel and I use a capo often. You can count on the price telling you of the quality of this product.
I think I got a great buy love the color and it has a strong spring holds very well great price
I like this a lot better than others that i have.  Easy on and off and stays put. It's worth the money.
Great Capo.  Like the color.  Good clamp pressure and this design wraps around the back of the Guitar neck so it does not show.
Felt kind of too stiff and rigid to put on a guitar at first, but the more you use it, the more it will wear in (pretty redundant sounding, I know.) The color advertised was not the one I received.
A friend gives his time to help kids learn music. .He mentioned the need for one, so Got it. It appeared to be built well and I've not heard any complaints about the performance. Not very helpful sorry!
I disliked having to wait a month to receive what I could've gotten at my local music store. The capo does what its does. These capo, I know, will lose their tension in time. I thought I had chosen a different capo. That's what happens when I stay at the computer too long without my glasses.
Can't hold tightly on 1st string (low C), a little buzz.
Eh. I wish I had more of a passion to play it, but....ehh. It's not bad if you want a uke, but it's pretty small. I don't know what I was expecting. I don't know shit about ukuleles but I do know get a bigger one if you're not comfortable with small frets. If you wanna be that one fat Hawaiian guy, Israel Kamakawiwo'ole, go for it. but I think he played a little bigger uke than this, lmao.
I'm a seasoned player of almost 10 years. I have owed a 300 dollar martin soprano uke which I had to sell in a time of need for rent money. I've been sad ever since. I'm in a tight spot now and just wanted something to play. I just got this uke today. Now aesthetically this uke isn't as pleasing as say a martin sorpano...but..... it sounds amazing for the price. nice bright sounds perfectly intonated too! I have owed a lot of cheaper ukes in the past too and they all sucked bad with horrible intonation. This ukes sound is at least as good as a 50-100 dollar uke! seriously impressed. I see they make a mahogany version i think du200? which is basically this but with mahogany which has a little bit of a brighter more bassy full tone. I may get one in the future its only 40-50 bucks on here amazing! anyway this uke is 29 bucks you get a uke made of nice solid maple wood over all a nice full tone which gets good volume well intonated too!I see some people complaining about the strings....and how it goes out of tune fast.when i got my martin soprano which wasn't cheap it did the same thing. best thingis to stretch out your strings nylon strings take a while to stretch out and set beforethey hold a tune for a long time.Anyway this diamond head DU-150 soprano is probably the best affordableukulele i have ever played. Its perfect for even us seasoned players who happento be broke poor artists! excellent!!!!!!!!!!! would recommend this brand to anyone!
This is a good budget uke. I'm not a ukulele expert; to me they all sound a little toyish. This one has better tone and projection than some of the ones I've played in stores. I haven't tested it with scientific instruments or anything, but I have a good ear (former professional tuba player, current music teacher, enthusiastic amateur guitarist) and the chords sound nice and in tune to me. The tuners are cheap, but they are geared, which is nice, and it stays in tune decently. It's not the Stradivarius of ukuleles; the finish is pretty bland, and the sound is not exactly a revolution.  I have used it to teach a class for teachers on using music in their classrooms, and it performed well. My experience with offshore budget instruments leads me to believe that quality control may be spotty, but I only have the one, and it is good. It is neck heavy, but they all are in my experience, and it seems pretty sturdy, although I've been very gentle with it.
I got 2 of these for grandkids.  They are all right.  I felt as if the uke was well worth the low price.  Like any uke, strings take a long time to set --- sometimes feels as if they never will.  probably would be improved with a set of Aguilas.  Buy a clipon tuner, too.  Snarf makes a great one that has both the vibration-sensing mode and a microphone, can be set for various instruments or chromatic, AND has a metronome function --- and they are so inexpensive!
The cradle guitar stand was for a friend. He was happy with the cradle guitar stand. Hasn't had any problems with it.
First off this stand is a guitar stand that is cheap and it does what it is supposed to: it holds your guitar.  One thing it has that was a surprise to me was a rubber thing to hold the guitar in at the top which was a bonus.  I use it for my Mitchell Acoustic and it holds it perfectly.About the effects on finish.  After Googling it, calling where I purchased my guitar, and reading the little tag on the stand, the foam on this and many other stands may affect &#34;Nitro Cellulous Laquer Finishes.&#34;  How do you know if you have this finish? Basically the value of your guitar and/or the age.  This finish is used mostly on high end guitars in the thousands of dollar range and some vintage guitars and vintage reproductions. It is not used commonly today except for specialty guitars.  It is a finish that is actually sought out by people who know of it as it is like a hybrid of gloss and satin as the tech at GC told me.
UPDATE: received 6 of these. 5 are ok but one has a bad weld joint at the top retainer. It was held by only one small tac weld.I got what i paid for. cheap price and cheap product. no excuse to make this kind of low quality guitar stand, putting a $500 guitar on this is asking for guitar damage when the stand falls apart. not worth the time & $ to send it back to amazon. One star only for this product. Good chance that you will get a crappy one if you order this. Less than one star for this piece of ......
This is a cheap stand and I was not surprised to see it had broke less than 2 day after it had arrived. The top cup that holds the neck of your guitar was welded in one spot only and it was very thin metal where the weld was made. I do not recommend this product.
Got it for $5.00 bucks and wish I'd bought about 5 more.Just as good as anything else out there,Onlky complant is the adjustment to the neck support does go as low as I'd like,but that's my take on it.Buy if you need a stand.For the money,you won't be disappointed.
This is a very simple product, and, as others have stated, you could probably just 'DIY' one pretty easily....but for this price, why bother??? Under $10 and this thing is as good as ones that range from $20-50.  I don't think the material + the time it is going to take for you to make one (about 30 mins-an hour, more if you have to go out and buy all of the materials) is going to be worthwhile versus just ordering this bad boy online and...voila! It arrives two days later, no fuss no muss (assuming you have Prime, because, well, who doesn't these days? ;) )PLUS this will look good on camera.
awesome, it does the job perfectly, now my vocals sound way better and clearer. this filter is awesome and for the price can't get any better.
Good price.  I'm a little concerned because when I first set it up, the screen drooped down. The flex-shaft arm did not seem strong enough to support the screen in any position.  I was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so I'll still rate it okay, but I have concerns over the long run.
if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. This one works well, gets rid of a lot of the little sounds and all the pops. only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place, but its usually fine
Its a pop filter, it works well and does the job.  However the neck on this thing is a bit long, so if you are using a short mic stand it may have some extra flex that gets in the way.  Otherwise its a good option at a good price.
IT DOES THE JOB. It is nice and it fits well on my desktop mic stand and it looks nice infront of my Shockmount that holds my Audio Technica AT2020
It works great on my acoustic guitars of various sizes.  It is easy to use, easy to put on, easy to adjust the tension, and lightweight.  When not in use, I keep it parked on the headstock.  The shape and ergonomics are a mix between a Kyser and a Schubb S1.  Five stars all the way.  Highly recommended.
This capo seems to handle quite nicely.  Spring loaded trigger like a Kyser (still my personal fave) but with an added tension adjust adjustment on the spring.  In time this will probably become my favorite as there seems to be some benefit to the tensioner helping to keep the guitar in tune.  The only issue, if you could call it that, was that I have always used the Kyser's that have the non moving side of the squeeze handle above the neck as opposed to under the neck like this one - after many years of playing, muscle memory sometimes has me reaching to the wrong place when adjusting position on the fly.
I have been playing guitar for longer than I care to admit. Back in 1966 I went into the music store with my Dad and cherry picked the finest Fender Telecaster in the whole store. Back then they were all handmade, so there were variations, and by spending some time, would yield you an incredible find. So I am not a newbie to playing, or working on guitars. I didn't use this capo on my 66 because I have it apart in order to make exact vintage reproductions of the body.Today's modern guitars use medium jumbo frets. My 66 had thin frets. With the medium jumbo frets they are sufficiently high, that if you check them once fretting a note with something as accurate as the Snark SN 2 All Instrument Clip on Chromatic Tuner you will see that the note moves up one or two bars on the tuner once you fret it. (That is one or two bar above the note you are then fretting) So I must admit my quest for the perfect capo would enable me to adjust it so that the guitar doesn't go out of tune when using a capo.I compared the G7 Performance Capo the Six String Silver, with the Schubb S1 Stainless Steel Guitar Capo for Steel String Guitars, and this Planet Waves NS-Tri-action capo. Although the G7 was substantially built and looked rather impressive, I found it to be too bulky, so it kept getting in the way while trying to play chords. So I sent it back. So now it comes down to the Shubb 1 Deluxe and the Planet Waves. I went back and forth with these two tuners a whole lot of times. I would perfectly tune the guitar with the Snark and then apply the capo. I tried to discern the difference between which one of these would make the guitar go out of tune more than the other. I finally concluded that there was no difference.The Schubb S1 had the ability to be adjusted so fine that it would barely be holding on to the neck. If you set that one at its gentlest setting you could get it to be almost perfectly in tune even with the capo on, but set it that softly, and it would just about fall off the guitar. So that is the last thing that you want to happen in the middle of a performance. The Planet Waves Capo in contrast, even at the lightest setting, was still a solid grip on the neck. I also noticed that the planet waves had a wider spread across the strings and therefore was less critical of the positioning in order to get it right.The Schubb S1 is a well-made product, it has nicely finished metal components, but with its roller ball system of fastening, when you loosen it, for sure you're going to occasionally be dropping it in on the floor. You could say that requires two hands in order to remove it. The Planet Wave on the other hand is a true one-handed tool that makes it easy to remove and to put back on. I tried both of these on one of my other Fender telecasters, as well as on one of my acoustics. I got the same tuning results on all of them. I am very critical and exact so when I say that the tuning results would change when you put on the capo you must understand, that the tuner was only moving one line. Most people wouldn't even bother with that much of an adjustment but I know that there is nothing to compare to a guitar with good strings on it, and to hear the tone and the blend of those strings in perfect tune; perfect harmony rules. You know that feeling when you come to the end of a great song, and you hit your last note and finish with a full chord that is perfectly in tune; there is nothing to compare to it.The planet wave is a little bit bulkier and if I had to get critical of it I would say it does get in the way a tiny bit more than the Schubb S1; although this factor is not such a great difference, as to preclude me choosing one over the other. The way each of them mount and dismount to the guitar does make me lean more strongly to the Planet Waves.I saw other reviews that commented that one type of capo provided a better tone than another type of capo. Tried as I might I could not reproduce the differences that they spoke of. There are so many factors affecting the tone, such as after changing the capo was a guitar body leaning a little bit more one way, then it was the last time. For example was the face of the guitar a little closer to the ear range as compared to the last capo you tested that might've been projecting more from the side of the guitar. I also felt that once the capo squeezes the string down the only thing that is creating tone is the fret line between it and the bridge. So at least between these two I found no total differences.I wanted to say that if you are using medium sized jumbo frets and high action you are really bending the string in order to fret it thereby changing the pitch. I love low action with no buzzing on lighter gauge strings. I'd rather dance across the top like a ballet dancer then scrub heavy gauge strings. To each his own they say. I just consider it important to let you know that I'm conducting this experiment with 8 gauge strings on the Tele electric and 9 gauge on the acoustic. So if you're running a much heavier gauge string with lower action, you would of course have less tuning shift going on, because you could adjust the capo (and both of these have a round adjusting knob for fine-tuning) and be able to adjust it to the point where you are pressing just beyond the level of the frets and not really squeezing it all the way down on the fret board and therefore have less of a challenge in trying to keep it in tune while using a capo. (Although I doubt many are setting it that way but rather squeezing it down to the fret board instead.) Although it is possible with heavy gauge strings that you can fine tune the pressure sufficiently that it will yield a tuned instrument while under the load of the heavier gauge strings creating a strong enough grip at this finer setting so it won't slide off of the guitar like the Shubb does at its lighter setting.Of course all this is predicated upon you not re-tuning the guitar when you change the capo position. That really is the only way to create a perfectly tuned instrument and that is to do a little tweaking when you change the capo position. I'm sure most people ignore that and consider the ever so slightly out of tune instrument is something that is not objectionable and doesn't impede the overall quality of their performance. I find on the other hand, that a guitar which is perfectly in tune takes the music to a level that is not possible no matter how little or much it is out of tune.So I conclusion I find the planet waves easier-to-use and with its longer arm capable of a wider fret board, while at the same time capable of the thinner fret boards as well, as being the one that I highly recommend. Notwithstanding the Shubb places a very close second, and with its slightly smaller size, it does in fact get in the way a little less than the Planet Waves. All in all they both are the best of all the ones I've tried.
This Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo is easy to use, and features a micrometer adjustment knob to custom fit the capo to your specific guitar neck, a feature I've never seen on a capo before. It worked excellently on several guitars I tried it on (all with light/extra light guage strings), with no fret buzz or noticeable detuning after removal. The pick holder on the end of the clamp is a nice feature too.I recommend this capo without reservation.
Knowing nothing about guitars except that my husband plays one, I got this for my other half.He was very happy with it, said it was an excellent quality capo, only needing a turn of knob to do what it needs to do.  He showed me how it worked; how it gives a different sound to the guitar, depending on where you position it.I would highly recommend this to you guitar players.  My husband is pretty picky about his guitar stuff, and I can assure you he was very satisfied with this capo!Highly recommended.
Having played guitar for 45 years, I have tried and used many, many capos. Back "in the day," it was a bar of plastic held in place by a length of elastic. It didn't work very well but it is what was available to me. Later, some technology was applied to the need for a ubiquitously necessary accessory that would hold all six strings firmly in place (and in tune) as it was placed up and down the neck of the guitar WITHOUT doing anything to damage the fret board or finish of the guitar's neck. Many 'good' capos have been made. Until now, perhaps the best options have been G7 which fails in its 'softness' that allows strings to slip, and SCHUBB which, unfortunately, 'snaps' into place in a way that can injure the neck of the instrument.This new NS TRI-ACTION capo from Planet Waves accomplishes both requirements consistently and effectively.Designed by Ned Steinberger (the "NS"), the Tri-Action works on a trigger/spring/lever mechanism that works all the way up and down the neck, fits perfectly on the first attempt, holds all six strings firmly in place and does so in a way that causes no abrupt jolt to the neck of the guitar. Both the G7s and the SCHUBBs are better known, more commonly used and more expensive. This is one of those rare instances where what you get is NOT what you pay for. D'Addario, the famous string maker that produces the Planet Waves line of guitar accessories)has done a remarkable and welcome job on these capos. Any guitar player who has gone from one to the other (capo) over time, searching for the one that really does what it is supposed to do all the time, will find this new capo from Planet Waves a welcome tool in the quest to produce clear tones and great sounds on a six-string guitar.
Oh, quick note: this capo is meant for instruments with radiused, NOT flat, necks.  That said, it works fine on a non-radiused ukulele.I've been using only Kyser capos for many years now.  They don't fall off, they don't usually pull strings sharp, but they do grip TIGHT and can damage some finishes.This capo is easy on & easy off with the pistol grip, has a correct supportive shape for the back of the neck so it won't damage finishes, and has adjustable tension.  I backed off the tension as much as possible, set it on the neck, made one adjustment and it was perfect.  Since I can adjust the tension, I have no worries about it pulling strings sharp.I only wish it was a bit shorter for Ukulele neck widths! ;-)
NS (Ned Steinburger) Capo is different than your traditional Kyser style capo. I really like how it is designed, where it conforms to the neck nicely and feels more a part of the guitar than other capos I have used. It boasts minimal string bending across the frets, where it will stay in tune better up and down the neck. I tried this out and, sure enough, their claim was true. I capo'ed from the 1st fret up to the 10th (where I would actually never use it) and tuning stayed pretty much accurate. There is also a nice slot in the capo to put an extra pick in, just in case you drop the one in your hand. Overall, this is a great product and I give it a high recommendation and five stars.
I've been playing guitar and using capos for 23 years.  I've learned this...if you are a serious guitar player there are many "must-have" items you need in your arsenal.  One of them is a capo.  By clamping one on a guitar you can raise the pitch and key of the entire guitar relative to the tuning it is in.  Essentially you are changing the scale length of the entire instrument when using this device.  They are quite common, inexpensive and the basic design really hasn't changed in many years...until now.That's where this product comes in.  This capo is great because it doesn't simply rely on a loaded spring to clamp down.  It has an ingenious but simple tension adjustment knob.  The reason this matters is because, depending on the guitar, sometimes a traditional loaded spring capo imparts too much spring tension (or not enough) when clamped.  Too much clamp pressure can result in squeezing the strings out of pitch.  Not enough pressure can result in annoying buzz and dead notes.  Either one is not good.  This new capo eliminates that in an efficient, effective and economical manner.  I highly recommend.
I like this capo because it goes on quickly and there is no pulling the strings out of tune.  A bit large for one of my cases, but it still makes it in there ok.  Seems well made so I am not worried that it will break or need replacing for a long time.
The Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo features a trigger action, which makes it easy to put on and remove, compared with any other style of capo I've ever used.  As the product description says, it has a built-in pick holder, which certainly is not necessary, but which is a feature that some users will find attractive.  If the photo on the Amazon product page looks confusing, don't worry.  What looks like a spring actually is a spring.  The spring mecahnism is adjustable, similar to the way that vise-grips work.  This capo is adaptable to guitars with various neck radius shapes, and narrow neck, standard acoustic guitars, as well as acoustics with wider necks (e.g. Godin's Seagull guitars).  The only quibble I have--and it's a minor one--is that when you get the spring mechanism set up for one guitar, you may need to adjust it when you switch instruments.  Once adjusted, though, the downward tension on the strings seems to work well with no fret buzz.
Can't say I've tried all of the capos in the world, but I've had my share of the different designs.First I had the bungee cord type, then I had the snap on type, then I had the different capos designed for acoustic, or classical or electrical.This one by far, evolved from good design.The bottom curve portions fits the neck of my guitars just perfectly. The top portion is just wide enough to cover the strings.  The spring allows for adjustment for the optimal tension.The design on this is so that every string receives the same vertical pressure down to the neck. All of the others I have tried use a spring that could pop out (one actually did) and the entire capo came apart.This one even has a pick holder built in.It is light weight, just the right size.I highly recommend this capo if you need one for acoustic guitar.
I like the adjustable tension of this capo, I don't think its as easy to put on a "Kyser" capo of this style, but once on the neck, the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo moves easily, and has even pressure across the fingerboard, a result of the adjustable tension I surmise. Some day I will use the pick holder, not right away, some night when I'm feeling I need my pick held.
Over the years I've tried literally dozens of capos. While some have been better than others I've never had one I was completly happy with -string buzz, hard to place without being out of tune, too firm, not firm enough, etc. So far the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo is the best one I've ever tried,at least in the short term. It's worked equally well on my acoustic & my electric. It works on my octave mandolin and, even though it's designed for 6 strings, on my Rickenbacker 12 string. Hopefully it will give years of faithful service & for the quality is reasonably priced. At this point I give it 2 thumbs up. Recommended
I've been playing guitar for about 7 years now, and I've always used the Kaiser capo, but since I got this planet waves one, the kaiser just gathers dust in my guitar case. Although they're both just tools to hold down the strings on a certain fret, the planet waves is much easier because it uses spring action with little effort, while I can recall the kaiser taking a lot more work to actually get it onto the guitar. Less pressure is involved, and I kind of like the fact that the rest of the capo, that isn't actually barring down the frets, is under the guitar instead of over it. The product conceals itself well to those who aren't playing the instrument and it has great use. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants the best capo out there.
[Update 2013-09-24]Star Rating downgraded from 5 to 3 because the pick holder broke (a rather thin and fragile plastic flap that helps to wedge the pick in place broke off).The Planet Waves Capo trumps myKyserin both speed and ease of use. Its triple spring action provides the leverage needed for opening or closing it with much less effort, and it's every bit as well-built as the Kyser. It also has a couple of features that the Kyser lacks:(1) Integrated Pick HolderI'm always losing my picks (God knows how many picks I've run through), so the pick holder is a very, very handy feature!(2) Tension AdjustmentWith the capo attached to myWashburnat the lowest tension, my G-string would buzz. But at the maximum tension, this capo has a stronger grip than the Kyser, which makes for a buzz-free playing experience.---The Planet Waves Capo definitely gives the Kyser a run for its money. For years, the Kyser had been my favorite capo, but having found the Planet Waves, I find myself liking it more than my Kyser. If you prefer a quick-change capo (as opposed to aShubb-style capo), the Planet Waves Capo is well worth considering.
I have been using an old elastic-bar capo for years because the last spring capo I used did not have nearly enough tension. When I first applied the Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo I thought "here we go again." There was ample tension E-G but B and E were buzzy as all get out. Not expecting much, I adjusted the tension. It took a couple of tries to get it just right, but now the capo works as if it was made specifically for my guitar... zero buzz across the board. That in and of itself, makes this capo a five in my book. Add in the facts that the release mechanism is a breeze (on and off), it looks nice (I have the black version), as well as its comparative ease on the wallet, and this capo is a rock solid five star product.This capo also has a pick holder. The feature can actually be a little awkward because of its placement in the context of the capo's overall size and shape, but it is there if you need it and it does not detract from the functionality of the capo itself.Get this capo!
I have several capos & this one really surprised me for the price. It's light-weight yet strong and the adjustable grip is great for any neck. Compared to my G7th which costs 3 times more, it is a great buy. I really like Planet Waves products. They are made well & last.
I'm a HUGE fan of the two previous NS Capos from Planet Waves. What does this add to the others?Well, functionally I think it works no better than the previous dual action capo. In other words. It's freakin' perfect.So... I'd give it 4 stars... except it gets 5... because...That little clip that holds a guitar pick is absolute genius.Full marks. You can't miss with this product.
As a musician, you wonder how accessories like a capo, which have been around for centuries, can be improved. Sure enough, the Planet Waves' Capo has a feature where you can manually adjust the tension. When a capo doesn't have enough tension, it will slide around on the neck when your hand bumps into it which will result in buzzing. Initially, the Planet Waves' Capo required me to play around with the tension and placement on my instrument which caused me some concern at first. I mean shouldn't it just immediately work? After I figured out what worked best for my instrument, the capo worked like a charm. An additional feature of the Planet Waves' Capo is that there is a clip for a pick which is handy if you don't already have an attached pick holder.I like it and recommend it for those who might move their capo around to different instruments that have varying neck dimensions.
This capo works just fine. The only downside is the same as with most capos...it requires some fine-tuning to get it work on different guitars. The only one I've found that doesn't is the Kyser...my "go to" capo for years. Because of its design, that capo adjusts to any guitar (acoustic vs. electric, thin neck vs thick, etc) easily. The only downside of that capo is that it sacrifices a tiny bit of perfect intonation for the sake of ease of use.This capo has a similar "pinch" design (spring-loaded), but doesn't adjust as easily to different guitar/neck sizes. It has a wheel that allows for it to be tightened or widened as the guitar needs. This allows for a bit more accuracy of intonation, but at the expense of ease of use. It's certainly not difficult or extremely time consuming, but it's not a capo you want to use to quickly swap in between songs.So, all said, I still prefer my Kyser. It allows for much faster changing, which for me is worth the slight offset in intonation accuracy. But this might be a better option if you're in a studio or won't ever need to use a capo for more than one song at a time (or don't plan to use it on more than one guitar in the first place).
I am a long-time musician who has been through a lot of capos; some that I hope to never see again :) ... fortunately, things have changed for the better ...What serious guitar players have always needed is a capo that is smart and small, durable, quick change, one hand operation that also has the right tension to make sure there is no string buzz or detuning ... for a while, you could get quick change or tension adjusment, but not both in the same capo ... the last several years have seen manufacturers attempting to provide these key features in one acceptable capo ... now there are many choices out there at various price points and frankly, it gets confusing ...So why this particular capo?  First Planets Waves is a name I have come to trust to provide quality accessories at reasonable prices ... this NS Tri-Action Capo is built sturdy but it is very light and unobtrusive on the guitar neck ... one-hand changing is a cinch and it has a well place adjustable spring tensioner ... so far, this capo covers all the bases in a simple design as well or better than anything else I've tried for the price ...One thing I did not expect is that, because of the design and tensioning, I can use it on Tenor Guitar, Banjo and Mandolin as well ... while I prefer a smaller capo for these other instruments, in a pinch, I can just clip on the NS Tri-Action and keep playing ...I am the kind of guy that when I find something in the instrument world that works, I stick with it for years ... it is possible that this capo may become my favorite ... I just really like the look, feel and features of this smart design ... looks like Planet Waves hit the mark once more ...
This capo is easy to install and move and does not seem to pull the strings thus maintaining tune. Adjustment is easy and effective. The same company makes a tuning capo which I find handy at times.
I don't often capo my guitar.  When I do,  I need something that goes on quickly and is firm on the neck.  You can't get better than this.
I'll start off by saying that I'm a proud owner of:- Gibson ES125 Acoustic/Electric- Pono MSD-E- Blackheart BH5H- Blackheart BH110- A Weber Vintage Series 10A125 (10 inch, 8 ohm, 30 watts) in an open back, solid pine cabinet- A Jensen Mod 10-50 (10 inch, 4ohm, 50 watts)- All tube Fender Tweed ChampNow that you know the gear I have, what I can play through an amp, and what I can plug an amp head into, I'll sum up my review with this:What you get out of this amp is completely dependent on your speaker cab, the cables you use, and how clean your power is. Got good gear?  This little amp will sound great.The DetailsThe amp itself is tiny.  I have an Electro-Harmonix pedal that's bigger than this amp! Still, it packs a punch.  With the gain at about 1/3 up and the volume at half, I get great clean tone and enough volume for a small venue.  Crank the gain up more and it gets louder and more distorted as you go.  Yes, this little amp will go from Jazz & Country to Rock & Metal with a twist of a dial.The line in and headphones jacks are a nice touch that none of my other amps have.  If you want to quietly play along with some tunes, you can.  Practice time just got better for your neighbors.The one lone tube in the Micro Terror is the pre-amp tube.  Mine came stock with a JJ Tubes 12AX7.  I understand that's standard.  A JJ is nice, but it will *not* warm up this little hybrid enough for you to get even a whiff of tube tone.  Dig out an old Phillips, RCA, Sylvania, or GE to get this guy to sound a bit like its big brother.  I had an old GE made in Great Britain lying around and popped it in my Micro Terror: warmed it right up; cleaned up a bunch of high-end tinniness.Still, compared to my two-tube BH5H or my all tube Champ, this guy does sound more solid state than anything.  BUT, compared to a buddy's Roland and solid state Ampeg, it's downright mellow.No effects loop means that your time-based effects (reverb, echo, chorus) can get noisy. So, if you like pedals, stock up on 9 volt batteries to avoid power adapter noise add in.Speaking of power adapters: a previous reviewer is right.  The external power brick for this guy seems fragile.  I'm not a fan of the thin line from the brick to the amp. It's holding up, but one round with my cat and I'll be looking for a new power supply.The RubAnnoyance #1:  One cheap cable anywhere in the mix will result in annoying HISS even at low volumes.  I found that out quickly.  So, get a proper speaker cable and a high end instrument cable or you will hate this amp.  I'm running it with a GLS 12 gauge speaker cable and a Planet Waves American Stage instrument cable - both available here at Amazon or any good guitar shop.Annoyance #2:  This is a 20 watt amp, right?  WELL... if you don't run a 4ohm speaker, you won't get all 20 watts.  The Micro Terror self-adjusts to the power needed to drive your speaker by stepping down output. (Yes yes... don't quote physics to me.)  At 8ohms, I still get good volume.  But at 16ohms (like my BH110) it sounds like a 5 or 7 watt amp.  That said, I'm actually a fan of the tone I get with my 8ohm Weber in its pine cab. The 8 inch Jensen speaker in my Champ, while nice, can't put out the low notes like I'd prefer and the Jensen Mod 10-50 is TOO clean.  But the Weber 10A125 sounds fantastic to my ears; even with the loss in volume.Annoyance #3: The Micro Terror is so small and so light, it'll tumble right to the floor if anyone kicks your chord.  Unlike a nice 20 pound amp, the chord won't pull out.  So: BE CAREFUL.Mitigation for Annoyance #3: The all steel chassis can handle a tumble from three feet up onto hardwood floors... though, it will gouge your floor.And then there's the standard annoyance that comes with owning any guitar amplifier: if the power is noisy or ungrounded, you will wind up with hiss no matter what.  I always carry a Monster HTS 350 and run my amp through it; that REALLY helps in cleaning up signal noise.  (If you don't have one, get one.  The 300 & 350 are cheap and they work.)The SummaryAfter all that, I can still say:  I love this little amp!  I've gigged with it and it sings well.  Plus, the added gag of tiny ukulele + tiny amp always draws a laugh... until I crank the dial over and shred some faces.For the price, you can likely afford to pick up $40 worth of guitar/speaker chords and wind up with a healthy rig.  And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp.  I know I'm happy.
Will be getting the amp in a day or two. At the sale price of $119 this can't be beat. My research on this device said that to make the really good little solid state/tube hybrid even more awesome is to replace the JJ 12AX7 with a Mullard Blackburn vintage 12AX7 (from the 1960's). It can cost around $30-50 a piece for a NOS (new old stock) but will sweeten the sound without adding or subtracting noticeable gain. In the end the Micro Terror should sound just like real tube amps costing many hundreds more.1st UpdateTook delivery and hooked it right up to my Marschall 412 into the 16 Ohm jack. Volume at about8 o'clock and gain at about 3 o'clock. Man, what a great sound. Very tubey! Typical British growl at higher gain settings. Loud. Plenty loud for your bedroom/office/whatever. Turning it up a bit should be more than enough for a gig at a bar. Just be sure to use a GOOD QUALITY SPEAKER CABLE, like the GLS. Will be updating when I get the vintage 12AX7 tube replacement. So far I am very impressed. Honestly, with a sound this good, why buy a TH30 for 5 times the price. Measured how loud this thing is. At about 3 feet in front of my Marshall 1960 lead 4x12 with gain at max and volume at a bit less than 8 o'clock I got around 84 decibels playing strong but not super strong chords. This is too loud for most apt. buildings for sure so better plug in the headphones.2nd UpdateTried out several compatible tubes...ie 12AY7 12AT7 and the Mullard 12AX7. Each will have a subtle or more obvious effect, sound is such a subjective thing you really have to try this out for yourself.  I personally found the Mullard to be the best. Really nice tube sound, typical Orange, sounds as good as most amps costing several times as much.
A perfect fit! Plus it comes with a handle, strap and a nice sized pocket where you can store picks, capos, straps and strings. Its great for getting my uke from point a to b safely. Would recommend it.
It is okay. It serves the purpose. It is a good fit for the soprano uke. A pull tab for one of the zippers broke off within a week. Not a big deal I just stuck a zip tie in its place. The case is not a cheap trash bag style gig bag but a heavy nylon with some padding to it. It has a pocket on the front to hold some small gear. There is no support for the neck inside like in a guitar case. It will keep your uke from getting scratched or dusty, but will not provide much more protection than that.
This gig bag is assembled with quality fabric and awesome construction technique. Definitely far superior to any of the other gig bags that I'v ordered for tenor and baritone Uke in this price range.
This is a very reasonable price for this bag.  I got it for my les paul epiphone uke.  The fit is fine.  This bag has better padding than the bag that came with the uke.  I'll just give the epiphone bag away to someone who doesn't have one.
This is a very sturdy and well-made bag. Much better for the money than I was expecting. I wish I could find a guitar bag that was this nice! My uke is very cozy inside. The pocket on the outside has a lot of space for your picks, kazoo, ukulele stand, whatever you need to have with you.I carry an iPad around when I play -- the full size iPad doesn't fit in the outer pocket, so I put it on the back of the uke on the inside. An iPad Mini would probably fit.
Great little tuner very accurate and portable!nice bright screen perfect and the price is right!Its nice it has a chromatic tuner on it too as wellas guitar and bass too! very handy! i useit to tune my baritone, concert and soprano ukes !
I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark *is* superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head *at all* is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar.
I bought this on a whim to use as a low cost tuner for my Hola! uke...and find myself using it on my six string guitar and four string bass as well. It tunes quickly and easily, with different colors used for when your too high or too low in pitch, and uses green as the color when you nail it, very nice and easy to use. It's also very compact, easily storing in even the tightest of gig bags, even your pants pocket will do for traveling.I highly recommend this if your on a tight budget and can only get one tuner for multiple instruments, it's a bargain and it works great. You can't honestly ask for more!
i like the fact they are colored the helps a set up and break downi am going to buy some more
This is a great little addition to both my violin, and my mandolin.  While some reviews on here have mentioned using it on a ukulele . . . no.  It doesn't work that way, unless the sound hole is not directly over the strings.  If it is, the pickup will mute the A string, and it's annoying.Anyway I digress.  The pickup adds a bright, clear sound to your instrument, without feedback or hassle.
For being so cheap, this pickup works surprisingly great. Was just looking for something quick and easy to mic a violin at a decent quality, and this did the job perfectly!
I wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. It sounds pretty good for the price I paid for it. I was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping Amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. I purchased it at the same time I bought the electric violin. Naturally when the electric arrived, I laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. A few days later I thought I would give the pickup a try. It slides right in and out of an F hole with no problem. I plugged it into my Fender amp with a little reverb and WOW is how I can describe what came out. It sounded like I was in a Great Concert Hall. Of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. Whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. Now I haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. Cant say enough except the price was so low I couldn't have gone wrong too bad.
Pros:-Price point--can't really go wrong-Clean signal (no self-noise)-Works for a tunerCons:-For recording or amplification purposes, this thing picks up a LOT of attack noise--fingers dropping on the strings, bow clicks, etc.-Additionally, the clamp does not always solidly grasp the instrument, and shakes around a bit. God help you if you touch the pickup while playing amplified.
I quite like the sound of this thing, running through a Crate acoustic guitar amplifier. It sounds really natural, and it's easy to dial in a nice sound. It's hard to hear it while you're playing; you're better off dialing in a sound while someone else plays for you, or trusting someone else to set the amp. Like most of these kinds of pickups, it's quite susceptible to feedback, so you can't get out in front of the amplifier and listen. Not a slam on the product-that's just the nature of the beast. I'm an honest to goodness terrible violinist, but I got this to help me teach a large group of elementary school children. It's a beginner class, and hearing the right sound is really helpful. It works great. I don't turn it up very loud-just a little bit of extra push so they can hear me in the back of the room. I hate the &#34;short&#34; cord, and I wish I could use a regular instrument cable, but I can understand that they don't want a lot of weight pulling on your violin. But the cord length means you have to sit pretty tightly on top of your amplifier-unless you use some kind of little pre amp. In fairness, the cord is a reasonable length, but I'm quite tall, so it's 5' of cable just to get straight up to my shoulder.
Unbelievable clear sounding on a Mandolin.  Can't yet get the sound out of a violin that I want with it but still experimenting.  Will have to find a way to keep the cord secure while it's connected as the slightest movement or adjustment makes a lot of noise.All in all 7$ very well spent.  Thank goodness pickup prices are coming down.  Only a few years ago you could not find a pickup-mic even this good for &#60;100$.  Now if only the price of pickup-chics would come down. :(
I have run sound for several large churches, providing services for both live sound and television broadcasting. The way that you have to mix for each of those is vastly different, especially when applying vocal effects. I have also run a small recording studio for the last 12 years.The 80/20 rule says that if you can get 80% of the sound you're looking for with 20% of the work, be satisfied. This Mic Mechanic (MM) is more like 99% of the sound with 1% of the work.I actually use this more in a studio setting than for live sound. Primarily because it solves SO many problems that you face as a sound engineer.1) Adaptive tone. The MM continuously listens to your voice and adjusts the compression, gate, EQ, and de-essing. Even when recording dry vocals, at a minimum, you should at least set your compression, then in post production, add parametric EQ to place your vocals where they need to be set.Now? I hit the tone button, and all that is done for me. It makes a dynamic mic sound great! It makes working with a condenser mic easier.2) Reverb. Most home recording enthusiasts have problems applying reverb. They either use too much or too little. With this, when you it equally between wet and dry, you get the right amount of reverb to bring recording to life. I recorded a vocal with club, room, and hall reverb. Each one sat just right! When you solo the vocals, you can tell which is used. In the mix it was more subtle. Good Job!3) Pitch correction. I have to admit, my own vocals aren't perfect. When you record your own vocals, and you're like me, you'll hear a "chorus" sound in your headphones. That's because you're hearing you own vocals and the pitch correction through the headphones. This takes a second to get use to.When set in the center, you can still do your vocal gymnastics, slide into notes, and it seems... natural. It pulls you to the closest not in the chromatic scale, so if you're way off, it will make your vocals sound out.I'm not a singer, but this has renewed my joy in singing!
I have a bad habit of backing off of the microphone when changing chords on the guitar. This little device gives me auto-correct for that habit as well as some nice echos and reverbs which aren't overbearing, and the pitch correction sounds really natural. Now I just need 2 more so the rest of our singers have that same great sound.
This is a nice product that is perfect for someone like me, basically a one man band.  Guitar is my primary instrument and I am a decent singer, but not great.  This can help clean up my vocals and is helpful if you occasionally stray off key (a little).  Very simple to operate.  Like most swiss army knives it can do a lot of things pretty well but none of them great. Hvr, considering the price, I think it's excellent.  Would buy it again if stolen (as they say).
I have a small format 10 channel mixer for my acoustic and small gigs and it has no built in effects. It also gets a little bit noisy when using the EQ on the two mic pre channels.The Mic Mechanic allows me to dial in foot switchable effects right on y pedalboard, where they should be for a solo act or when your running your own sound. I typically leave the &#34;Tone&#34; button on at all times, as it gives a nice eq curve and mild compression. Effects are easy dial up on the selector and can be customized by using the modifiers...(read the manual). The correction works pretty well for me, but someone who is a bett vocalist may not need it, in which case, you can turn it down. I typically run mine around 12-1:00E thing I don't like about this pedal is its 12v power consumption. It can be phantom powered, but if I engage phantom power on my mixer it is on for both mic pres And I use the other often times for a second dynamic mic when playing as a duo. It can run off the Sanyo Pedal Power without issue however and I often use it on my acoustic pedalboard with a compressor and delay/reverb for my guitar.
Depends on what your looking for. Is this a POG...nope, but it has some tricks up it's leave for the price. The only con I can give is when playing chords when dropping down (like a drop D) it doesn't always sound grant. Bar chords work a little better
I have owned almost every octave/harmonizer/pitch shifter on the market. For what this tiny 80 dollar box is capable of, you cant beat it. First off, Its polyphonic. You wont find that in anything else under $300. Instant tracking, wide range of versatility, perfect volume balancing and very solid design. Only two flaws: a very slight hum when compared to buffered bypass pedals, still doesnt hum as bad as my POG did. The only flaw that irks me is that the affected note comes slightly flat when using just the pitch shift mode. Its very minute but a well trained ear in a solo session will hear it plain as day. Otherwise this inexpensive powerhouse is a grand slam. Great job Mooer, i cant wait to try more of your stuff.
The Mooer Pitch Box in the harmonist mode blends the dry signal with the altered pitch, and in the pitch shift mode if filters out the dry signal.The pitch knob allows you to raise the note 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones, or lower the note by 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones.I found that putting a distortion pedal in front of the Pitch Box made the harmonies more pronounced. Making how well it tracks and handles bends and vibrato more noticeable. And in general it helps it sounds more like a guitar and less like an organ.When I had the pitch box in front of the distortion pedal, it had this constant warble that sounded like an out of tune guitar. The detune mode sounds like a chorus but I almost never use it.
Works well and has some nice features for extra tuning help. Comparing it to my old BOSS TU-12 dedicated guitar tuner, this works just as good.
I chose a 5 star rating, because i've simply never owned a tuner of this high quality in my lifetime. This tuner blows away my old 'Guitar Professor-Qwik Tune' Tuner. This tuner gives unbeatable performance therefore the price is justified in my opinion.
I ordered TM50BK unit but after a couple of delays with my local delivery agent, decided to buy a unit locally which turned out to be the Korg Beat Boy.The Beat Boy is everything that this unit is and then some. In addition to the metronome and tuner, it has a record function and drum tracks, in all 100 different patterns. The units have an almost identical front panel with the metronome patterns in with the drum options, the extra buttons for the record and an external mic for acoustic instruments.Had I seen the Beat Boy first, I would have ordered it instead as I was looking for a drum machine anyway. The functions which are shared between the 2 units work really well, the tuner is accurate and fast, and can't fault the metronome.I will probably keep the TM50BK as a spare, but I'm also glad my local shippers have prolonged the wait. If you just want a metronome and tuner, this is a fine unit, but if you're considering a drum machine too, look at the Beat Boy before making any decisions.
This thing Rocks! Unlike other cheap Chinese-made ripoffs (ahem... Behringer) These Joyo products are well made, inexpensive and worth every penny.
I have a home brew pedal board with 6 pedals on it. This allowed me to clean up the wiring a lot and powers all of them with no problems. The blue LED lights are quite bright and make the pedals visible in dark room conditions. Not a bad price, either!
I like this power supply, but I wish that the LED's only turned on for the channels that you have a cable plugged in to, so for that reason I'll give it 4 stars as opposed to 5. The quantity of power outlets and the amperage's that it provides are best in class.
So far this power supply is great! Pretty compact and light, come with all the power cables you need and does the job at a far more reasonable price at the other power supplies I was considering. No complaints here!
I've read its not really complete isolated, but it does the job. I didn't realise how much noise my one spot was adding. I A/B them both one after the other and it truly was quieter. the only Problem I have is my TC Helicon takes 12 volts input but 300MA. this pedal only supplies 100MA so the pedal didn't work in the 12 volt slit. Luckily however it does work plugged into the 9volt 300MA spot so im using it there. everything else in the other 9volt 100MA slots.it's a lot quieter now. I recommend trying it and saving some cash.
I admit I haven't had it long, but so far so good. I have a Gator pedal board that came with their power supply. Unfortunately, that thing has a proprietary connector on the cable. The PS is fine, but the cable is shorting out. Couldn't find another cable, so I thought I'd find another solution with a more generic cable. This Joyo product fits that and is cheaper than the competition (which made me a little skeptical). I may never need all its features, but for what I need (powering 5 devices) it is doing the job beautifully. My pedal board includes tuner, chorus and octaver stomp boxes, a bass DI and a Rolls headphone amp. The JP-02 frees me up from any other wall warts. Money! Now I just need to figure a way to attach it to the bottom of the pedal board.
Ordered a set of these to put 2 on my Ibanez and 2 on my Squier, they fit perfectly. Highly recommended.
Not much to say here - they're knobs. They look good, are well made and fit perfectly on the CTS pots in my guitar.
What can I say?  They look great and were cheap.  My kind of product.  Bought them to replace the old &#34;vintage&#34; style knobs on my LP clone.  Much nicer looking!
I have just gotten all the adaptor snow to make this work. Focusrite was very helpful will problems concerning this. I have only made a few recording but I am going to make a lot more. Very easy to use.
Despite its iFlavor it works beautifully with my PC. Sounds better than any sound card i've used and of course gives me the ability to play and record on my computer with no noticeable latency. It's a great intro model, not just for ipads. Whole device is powered and runs over one USB cord. I'm so impressed, my main PC audio comes out of the headphone jack of this device. It's an extremely capable machine with good drivers and works great with REAPER.
I bought one of these for myself after using one in a junior high school music program. (I'm a teacher, not a student.) I have only used it with Garage Band, but it works really well. I have used it to record electronic drums, bass guitar (direct out from a multi-effects pedal), vocals, and guitar (with garage band's virtual amps.) I've been very impressed. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. So, with the gain at 1/3 or so of the way up, you get good clean signal with little to no noise. The cord connecting to the ipad is really pathetically short. I bought 2 of the same Ziotek extension cable-at the recommendation of Focusrite. One worked, the other didn't. So, yeah, best of luck with that. Focusrite should really have made a longer cable. It gets in the way of the USB power plug a little bit, and makes things awkward. Other than that, I like it a lot.
I got one of these from another source but have returned it for exchange because of the following issue:  when I record a track either with the "Audio Recorder" or "Guitar Amp" screens in Garageband on my iPad 3, iOS7, the recording is great. But once I toggle over to the multitrack view and attempt to play the recording just made, there is godawful distortion and the audio is completely unlistenable.  Here's the other part of this: I can use Apogee Jam guitar interface, and iRig Pre microphone interface and Garageband behaves as it should and I can play the multitrack view with no problems whatsoever. The Focusrite support folks suggested I do a backup of my iPad contents and then do a software restore but I opted to return the unit instead, since the Apogee and iRig both work perfectly with Garageband. So, I don't know if the unit is having a problem with iOS7 or I just happened to get a lemon but I'll find out when the new one comes next week.  If it works correctly, I'll update this review after doing a few recordings. But, I would say if you've just updated to iOS7 or are thinking about it and you want to get this unit, you might want to hold off on that upgrade.  UPDATE: Got a replacement unit and even did a restore on my iPad, as suggested by a Focusrite support tech, and STILL have the problem I discussed above.  So, this product simply has turned out to be a dud for me. If anyone else has a similar issue with this and find a resolution,  please let me know.
What else can be said that isn't implied in the title of this review? Not a single second wasted in this performance and this bundle is perfect for those of us who don't want to purchase the items separately. My only issue was how long this took to come out considering the show was 5 years ago. That and the fact they didn't play more songs but who can blame them, their catalog is  almost endless (one of the few bands who matched quantity with quality).
I was a little nervous for some reason when I started watching this (I saw it in the theatre).  I was afraid I might be in for another Live Aid let down or something like that.  I had heard the epic reviews and the internet buzz when the actual event happened...but had no idea if this would be as good as all that.  Never fear, you need to see this film.  The guys prove that the hype was legit.  I was so stoked when they launched in to some of my faves like "For Your Life" even if the performances of "Dazed and Confused" and "Stairway" seemed a little pedestrian.  But hey, it's LZ doing Stairway which is better than 99% of the music on the planet so who cares if it was an obligatory performance?  The show seems to get better as it goes along, and by the time "Kashmir" comes on I had tears in my eyes.  No joke.  This show is riveting.  I bought the Blu-Ray so I could continue to experience the awesomeness of this show, which really defies description.  I am not sure if non-LZ fans can appreciate how incredible this show is, or what the band accomplished in doing this.  They took it seriously and rehearsed for 7 weeks for this one event.  Jason Bonham did a good job of honoring his father and staying true to the original material and live nuances developed over multiple tours in the 70's.  If you love LZ you probably already have this set, if you have a passing interest only you will witness a one-night-only reunion that blows away any of the other weak attempts by older bands of this era.  It's pretty awesome.
I love the performances and sound production quality of Celebration Day! The band's on fire and Jason Bonham did a incredible job. A must buy for the Zep fan I can highly recommend this.To rehearse that long for this one show it's a shame they could not consider another world tour or at least a few more concerts. With Jason doing so well it was possible I could easily imagine NY, SF, Rio, Paris, Rom, Tokyo etc
This is far more pedal than I need but what a fun pedal to have.  Just going through the presets was fun, but downloading and trying the stuff they have available online was even funner :)  The bad part about this pedal is that it is HUGE and will take up a lot of space on your board.  You have to be committed to dealy.  You'll have 3 different presets available at one time from the footswitches.  I can't comment on the looper as I never used it.
You can set up 3 delays configurations, what is a interesting option to use on stage. Tap function also helps a lot. All type of delays are sounds beatiful...
No manual.  You can print one off the internet but it should come with one given it's price.  I purchase such so I could lay down a rhythem track then go into the solo while attempting to play live.  Don't believe this is what it is mean't for.  A simple delay looper will suffice.  This can do a ton of cool stuff but did not suit my needs.
This will last a very long time due its sturdy construction. Two pieces, easy to set up in seconds. Great buy for the $. (...ONLY MINE WAS A 'HAMILTON')
Super sturdy, well built. What more can I say, it's a sheet stand.
This is a great stand and highly adjustable. Can be used seated or standing for a person over 6 feet tall. There was a review I read with negative comments about the design, claiming that pulling on the panel to lift the stand would cause it to come off. Nonsense. There are clamps for every adjustment and the stand is rock-solid. Because it's lightweight and portable, I could see it getting top heavy if you put a heavy book on the stand and jacked it up to maximum height. But this is a GREAT stand.
solid good stand, it is decent quality and doesn't have any places that will break easily.  can take anywhere you want
I wasn't expecting much from this case; I bought it on a deployment to take a guitar back home with me that I had also order off Amazon that was of better quality then I had expected. This case is sweet! I love the black and crome, it looks great and the inside is well cusioned and really smooth. If you need a case don't even think twice about, this is a great one at a great price.
it is a hardshell case, about what I expected, decent low end hardshell but serviceable. I wouldn't check in with an airline, I can lean on the top and push it in. for a little extra protection over a gig bag YES, don't put an amp on top of it in a van though.
Looked at a lot of cases most priced $90 or above.  Settled on this one because of price, reviews, and measurements posted here in the reviews that assured my my guitar would fit.  I have an Alvarez AD60 (dreadnaught style body) and it fits in this case nice and snug.  Solid, well padded, sturdy latches, and everything lines up.  Very happy with my purchase.
This is exactly what I was looking for the protect my investment.  I tried purchasing a soft case that had the Seagull logo on it and was advertized and fitting my guitar, it didn't.  It was way too short for my Seagull S-12 Coastline.  This is a sturdy case that looks good too.
Bought these as an extra set just in case I made a mistake when I was trying to cut down my nut and bridge. They are real bone and fit well on my Yamaha. Did not end up using them but will one day. Great product for the price.
This is real bone.  The length is perfect for my guitar but the nut is a little high and the bridge saddle is thicker than the slot on my guitar. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding.
for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday
[Now that the SN-13 is about the same price as an SN-8, I've changed the comment about the price differential.]The SN-13 is another great Snark chromatic tuner with a Super Tight display. However, the black SN-8 adds a tap tempo metronome and the ability to set the tuner a few semi-tones below standard for about the same price.  (No matter for me since all I use is the tuner, anyway.)  Still, the SN-13 is *white* and, for all I know, may do a better job at tuning an older iPad.  :-)
Cheap, Easy, Durable, these things are worth the small price. I have one for each guitar and just leave them on!
I have several of these tuners and this one is as great as all the others. Easy and quick. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. The white is great but no matter what color they are, they are a quality product. Rock on....
There are lots of ways to tune a guitar ranging from using a tuning fork to sitting next to a properly tuned piano. I've also used a variety of electronic tuners over the years with everything from rows of flashing lights to meters with a needle. There are some excellent tuners out there with tone generators, metronomes, etc. built in. But this device is simple, portable, easy to use, and just plain works. It's also cheap enough that even if you have other types of tuners, it's worth the money to get one of these for each guitar case. Aside from its simplicity, it's also less bothered by background noise, as other units with microphones might be.
If you're going to use this as an insert effect into any amp, the first thing you need to do is turn off the amp model.Although I liked the presets in the MS50G, none of them worked in my rig. The first thing that I did when I brought it home was to make a different single patch for each effect. The big question is &#34;Why?&#34; especially since it's designed to handle up to 6 effects simultaneously. The answer is... I like my overdrive, distortion, and compressor, but I couldn't make up my mind on delays, choruses, flangers, fuzz... and it's always nice to have options for additional over drives and distortions.This is the 4th pedal on my board sitting behind a ModTone Lemon Squeeze Compressor, TC Electronics MOJOMOJO overdrive, and a Wampler Sovereign distortion.I give it 5 stars because it accepts pedals well and it serves so many different needs. Normally, I have it set as just a chorus pedal, but occasionally I use it as an additional overdrive or distortion. It's great to be able to plug in whatever I need and know that the sound quality is going to be great!It takes a moment to level match each patch so the transition is smooth, and at some point I may take the few remaining slots and make them combinations, but as of yet, I really haven't had the need... a great utility pedal and a must if you're just getting started on your pedal board and you're not sure of what pedal you want where. This will help you figure things out... and if you're not careful, it may find a permanent home!
This is an extremely versatile pedal.  I was considering getting a reverb or delay pedal, but I decided to go with this instead since it's infinitely more flexible.There are tons of effects.  Some I might not use, but there are plenty I will use.  New firmware was just released, and it adds a few extra effects.  You download the firmware and install via the USB port.I use it with a VHT special 6.  I have a Fulltone OCD after the Zoom.  It works nicely with the tube amp whether or not I turn the OCD on.  The effects sound excellent to me.  I'm now a Zoom fan.If you're lusting after a bunch of effects pedals, but only have the cash for one, this is a really good option.  At a minimum, you'll hopefully figure out the 5-10 you won't really use without having to shell out the cash for them.
If you are an electric guitar player, you know how it is ... you think you are finished with your pedal board but in a few weeks you are back at it searching for another effect ... but this means trial and error and a busy wallet ... the solution may be this Zoom MS50G ... this unit is like having 50 stompboxes to use on demand without having to change out your board ... here are some the things I like most about this pedal:1) Small footprint; same size as most single stompboxes of today2) The digital effects are very, very good .... most have an almost analog quality to them3) Ability to create and save your own patches, ordering them for stage use4) Good tuner included; I found it to be very accurate and easy to use (if you already have a tuner, then you can open up another slot!)5) Great price ... considering 50 effects, this thing costs no more than a single stompboxThe unit is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it; however, I will say it takes some work to get a handle on everything and the manual isn't a great deal of help.  But with just a little work and resolve, you'll be dialing in some new sounds.I have been very pleased with the capabilities and the sounds from the MS50G ... Zoom has a reputation of creating quality effects units at very reasonable prices; they've done it again with this pedal ... I highly recommend it if you have one slot on your pedal board but don't know which pedal should fill it ...*one thing to note that was frustrating at first:  most of the OD's and Distortion's are preset with the levels way too high for output to a tube amp ... once you put these pedals in your own patches you can permanently save them with appropriate levels ... just be prepared to cut the levels down right away when trying out OD's and Distortions or you will likely get some very unpleasant feedback ...
Im an true analog guy. But when I grabbed this pedal I was blown away. This little thing packs a lot of serious effects for its size. A lot of which do not sound to digital. I was amazed at the tones I could pull out of it. For $99- it is a steal. I would pay twice that for what this pedal does. Easy to navigate and understand. Small enough to fit on any pedalboard. Easily hooks up to the computer to download custom patches. If you're looking for a multi effects stomp box, look no farther than the Zoom MS-50G. Well worth the $99.00. Can easily set it up for live situations. Of course you're not gonna get all the effects at a drop of a dime. But I set mine up for a few effects I use live. Works flawless. When in the studio, this is where the pedal shines. Also it can't be beat for when you're just jamming alone at home. If you're are gigging, of course this isn't going to be your go to pedal, but it does come in handy for some really nice effects. The review before mine, well they should of known this pedal isn't the greatest for live venues. That's why we have pedalboards with all our different effects we can call up with the drop of a foot. I was on the fence about this pedal for a week or so. Went to a local music store, heard and was sold. No one can touch Amazon's price and service. Get off the fence and buy this pedal. I promise you won't be sorry \m/CONS: No power supply or USB cable. Besides that, the pedal is a bargain and sounds fantastic!
I have been using this gig bag for the past few months. If I do the math, I probably didn't use it more than 10 times, basically from home to the subway, from the subway to the studio and back, so maybe 20 minutes walk each time. So I used it for about 3 hrs and 20 minutes, mostly carrying it on my shoulders, sometimes by one of the two handles.Then the side handle started coming apart: the seam ripped on the side and the handle will eventually fall off if used. It will be OK for a while until the shoulder straps start breaking (which I kind of expect at this point!). Meanwhile I'm going to buy another (sturdier) gig bag.Save your money and get something better than this.
Honest for cost it's 5 star, but I got 2, and 1 handle was slightly mismolded, rubber groove is a little off... But in no way matters.  Just kinda ok really now I can tell them apart by feel.This is a nice heavy Cordura (like military spec heavy) with self repairing zippers (standard kind) and totally adequate pad, soft nylon lined, and bonus pockets... 3.  Nice build, PVC piping on pocket edges, adequate pad backpack straps for any acoustic weight.  Heavy rubber feet for standing it up, give a 1/2" of  wet ground protection if needed.For the price of 1 many other brands, I got 2,And for what most folks expect they are great.
This thing is crap right out of the box it had holes in the stitching and all the pockets were sown on crooked. What can you expect for $20 tho. This was a temporary solution I don't recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart.
For my first gig bag its ok. I since then bought a new alvarez acoustic electric which i will be buying a hard case simply because the build quality and protection isnt there in a padded case. I have had this padded bag for a year now with light use and edges are starting to tare and rip. Also i am concerned that the zippers might get stuck and break at any moment. I will be replacing this with a hard cases as soon as i buy one for my alvarez.
I had never heard of ChromaCast, but after buying this guitar bag, it's easy to understand why this bag is a top seller at Amazon.  It's relatively inexpensive, fairly well built, and features a number of zippered compartments of varying configurations, to store accessories.  The case is very convenient to carry, as it has a handle on the top, and a second handle on the side.  It also has a set of shoulder straps, for carrying the guitar on your back.  The quality of the nylon is decent enough, and there is a rubber pad on the bottom for protection and traction.  The amount of padding inside the bag is a little light, and the zippers might not be heavy duty, but for general use, this bag is hard to beat for value.Some have reported that the case is too small to accommodate an acoustic guitar, but I was able to insert my 4.8" high acoustic inside, with some room to spare.  I was so impressed by the quality of this bag, that I also boughtChromaCast's electric guitar bag, for just $17.
i own two of these...the first did not have a compartment door..so things just roll around inside case..not happy...but this one is just fine.looks great...no i would not take it on tour...but as far as run around and taking lessons..its safe all latches match up well...enjoy will order again
The quality of it is above my expectations. The only thing I would've like different is the accessory box inside. They could've make it a little bigger. The box already fell down 4 times (I got small kids...) and nothing happened to it or the guitar. Great product, worth every penny.
it is more than I hoped for! Very nice protection for my Luna! it is a solid casr that for the price cant be beat!
Once again received a good product for a good price and fast delivery.have never had any problems with any case bought thru amazon. All latch well and look good. Do not fly my guitars anywhere but do carry them in my truck over the road and no damage even with falls along the way.have five hard cases of various brands and all bought thru amazon wirh no complaints with any of them. All fit and work as expected
this case is perfect for storing a guitar in, I would not recommend using it for traveling anywhere unless in the back of your own vehicle, it will protect your guitar but it is not a heavy duty case, for the price this would be hard to beat by anyone
I don't travel often with my guitars, but needed good protection for those times when I do. This product meets all my expectations. My Les Paul and Fat Strat, both fit well in the case. It provides good support and cushioning, with a roomy accessories compartment. The corners of the case are well reinforced. The hardware is mid-grade. I believe it will hold up well for my use, and for someone playing weekend gigs. Overall it is a bargain for the price.
A good solid case. As for size, it's designed for the narrower Fender style body electric guitars. It could have better padding for instrument protection, ( compared to similar product from other makes.) Will do the job of good protection.
I couldn't be happier with my choice to buy this product over the many others listed on Amazon. This was a newly listed item on Amazon when I bought it, (in fact this review will be the first), so I was a little apprehensive about choosing something that had no user feedback, but I'm glad I decided on this item.I wanted something with several storage compartments, so I could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. This bag has six separate compartments for storage - three main zipped compartments, each also with a zipped pocket for smaller items. Perfect! I also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that I don't currently require as I already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now.The padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. The two built in "back-pack" straps will certainly be useful when traveling with other luggage, and the case also comes with grip sized carry handles both on the front and the side ensuring the guitar can be carried however a user wishes to.If you are in the market for a guitar bag and don't want to spend a fortune, I would definitely recommend you consider this item. It is perfect for my requirements, and may well be for yours too.
Fits nice and provides good protection.
Great gig bag for acoustic guitar. Very well made with good padding. It has six nice pockets, a rubber bumper, and two straps. It fits the guitar nicely. I would definately recommend this to anyone with an acoustic guitar that needs a gig bag. The strap and picks were an added bonus. A great value.
It only cost around $20 so my expectations weren't very high to begin with but right out of the box it had a hole in the stitching and the front pocket was sown on crooked. I don't plan on keeping it long.
I'm a beginner, so I'm not very picky on the accessories yet. But this was a great package deal for this price. Shipping was free, it arrived in under 1 week from ordering.Pros:padded caselove the "backpack" featurehas many pocketsfits my Takamine Jasmine acoustic perfectpicks vary in size and shapestrap was easy to attachCons:strap is made from nylon and feels cheap (which it is, lol)some poor stitching in one area of the case (shoulder strap) exposing the padding, I restitched fairly easily.
I also have a keeley 4 knob compressor but I'm preferring the Xotic pedal right now. The compression is more agressive than the keeley but I find it easier to dial in a good sound, especially using the blend knob, I like to retain some dynamics to my sound. The high/mid/low switch is great, I like it on mid or high, really makes the harmonics come out. There is more volume on tap as well, and I can see how it could also be used as a useful clean boost.  The Keeley has a more dynamic and transparent sound but I also find it's noisier than the Xotic. The Xotic is a fraction of the price though and better overall value I think.
I have had and tried about every compressor out there.  Lastly the old standard Dyna Comp. Only because its cheap but like the rest it sounds like a compressor and clips your tone.  Blah.  This is a very transparent compressor.  I use it on acoustic guitar solo gigs and electric.  Low setting on the switch and compressor set at about 11:00.  It gives wonderful string balance and sustain. At this setting you do not get any of the squashy clipping compression sounds. And it does not wack the bottom out of your tone.  None of the typical compressor hesitation when you pluck a string.  Just balance and sustain.  As close to a rack mount as it gets. The blend knob solves all of the typical compressor issues.  From here you can get any type of compression you want or need.  Mine has a white case.
It arrived, I plugged it in, already had a battery in it. Both knobs at 12 o'clock, toggle in middle, didn't change the internal switches. BAM!! Guitar sounds alive! No more weak notes, the thin strings sound big now and match the thicker strings in power. No compressor "pumping" very minimal noise (compressors by nature are noisy) It just make the guitar sound better, even and stronger. Compressors can be a beast to control and you do have to go on faith that they work with out squashing or clouding your sound. This pedal has been optimized for guitar, you can tell it is high quality. If you play crystal clear you HAVE to have this pedal. Driven, full distortion it adds sustain. Im Sold. Now I may just have to get the SL drive also by xotic. look it up on youtube.
I had my doubts about the effectiveness of the blend knob but it is very effective indeed!  This compressor gives just the right amount of softness to the attack.  It never sounds &#34;thumpy&#34; or unnatural - but always musical.  I really think that this is what a guitar compressor is supposed to sound like.
Okay, so... it's small, easy to dial in a good sound, very inexpensive, made here in the US, and has a wonderful transparency to it.Add to that the different ways to configure it (by using the internal dip switches), and you have a compressor as flexible as any I've used for guitar at half or less of many cost (which sound, imho, no better).It stacks well with the EP booster and another comp/boost in the chain, too.Whether you want to drive your amp a little harder or just squash your signal, this product is impossible to beat.I totally adore it.
It's sturdy, and holds even a heavy mic in any desired position. I'm using it with a Samson Meteor USB mic (which required some adaptation due to the Meteor's short body), which is a heavy cast-metal mic. No stability problems whatsoever.
This boom has cleaned up my desk quite a bit and is great value for the price/performance ratio. I have an AT 4033 in it and it holds it in place with no problems. Wish I would have known about it sooner.
I had been using a full boom mic stand at my studio desk, and since it was off to the side, made it tuff to watch the level meters. This clamp-on boom serves the purpose, but has a hard time holding the weight of my Shure KSM 32 condenser mic. I tuck the goose neck of the pop filter under it, to keep it from sagging. Very affordable, and I found a work around for the weight issue. I wouldn't recommend this if you're doing a lot of recording, but it is sufficient for my home studio.
This arm hold the weight of a ATR2100 microphone fine. It stays where you put it and it works as you would expect. The packaging was damaged and it was shipped just in a plastic shipping bag but it works. The shock mount is the same as one of the low end on stage shock mounts. I did have to slightly bend out the lower bit of the frame to allow it to freely move towards and away from me. However it works great. Not too big and gets the job done.Tip, just take something you can wrap a smaller mic in to get it to fit. My ATR2100 is a 2 inch diameter mic and this shockmount is probably meant for around 3 inches. I just wrapped it with bicycle handlebar padding and it works great.
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. No directions inside or on the box. I messed with it for about 5 minutes. I would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. I read the description but it did not say cheap. Live and learn.
I already use the EXL111 as my go-to electric string and tried these as part of the Vine program.  I have to say I really couldn't feel the difference.  From what I can see the only real difference in this balanced set is that the D string gauge is .25, whereas the same string in the EXL111 set is .24.  Since the string construction and plating is the same, I have to assume these will have the same longevity. I guess as long as both are still available (EXL111 being phased out?) i will be selecting solely on price.  Either way you can't go wrong as D'Addario makes a fine product at a reasonable price.
I'm certainly not the musician in the family and honestly know nothing about guitar strings.  I got these for my husband, the aficionado guitar player in the family!  He said these are excellent quality strings and was very happy with the product.  So they come highly recommended from someone who has uttered a swear word or two over inferior strings in the past!  Highly recommended.
I am impressed with d'addario's electric strings. Easy to adjust to, very light on my fingers and they're built to last. With a few adjustments to my amp settings, these strings are very dynamic in their tone quality from classic to hard rock styles. Any guitarist who plays electric can enjoy these strings, and they last a long time too.
Compared to the nickel wound XL light gauges I buy in the 3-set boxes, the "balanced tension" XL set amounts to slightly lighter D and A strings (.025/.026 and .034/.036 respectively, which I can feel, as well as a slightly thicker B string .0135/.013 which, frankly, I can't feel).The XLs are comparable in gauge to Ernie Ball Regular Slinky (yellow). But if you're used to Slinky's, as I was for many years, the nickel wounds feel noticeably coarser to the skin and took awhile to get used to. I love them now for blues, rock or funk, any kind of playing where you want to dig in a bit for tone - although I will say that for slide (especially when recording at relatively low volume) they don't give quite the same glassy-sounding undertone to my ears as steel wounds, something I happen to prefer.I put the XLs on an Squire Strat, which I like to bend strings on and the 5-position switch gives me a nice range of color to compare. Like the regular XLs, I noticed very little "new string zing" after giving them a good stretch. When my skin is dry indoors during the winter the nickels can feel rough at first but in warmer humid temps I sweat more and they get as slick as any steel wounds.I think the balanced tension is more a factor when playing chords than single lines and, for me, it's more of feel thing rather than something I hear (That doesn't make it any less significant to me - I've tossed brand new sets of strings and sold perfectly good guitars on the vague basis they didn't quite feel right).To tell the truth, when playing out I prefer an even heavier set than regular lights for tone, but at home when recording or just playing for myself I like the amount of resistance I get from the nickel wound XLs versus the Slinky's I used since I began playing as a kid. You have to work a little harder with the nickels for bends and intonation but I like the tone and feel overall and I think it's made me a more precise player.
I've used D'Addario strings for a long time (been playing 20+yrs) and have always been satisfied with their tone. The balanced tension brings a new element to the game of guitar in that these are suppossed to be mathmatically matched to have the perfect degree of tension. Do I fully understand how this works... nope, but they sure do sound good. Their feel is a little more "snappy" than regular XL's in my opinion and they have nice clarity as well. Their sound is bright, just like their XL cousins. I think it's more of a "feel" thing than a sound thing with these balanced tensioned strings. Now if they could just disect the dna of my guitars and match the tension of the strings with my instruments...All in all a great product that I recommend to any electric guitarist.
I've been using Slinky regular nickels for over 20 years on my electrics, and love them. I've tried various coated strings etc but always come back to Ernie for sound and value. But on my acoustics, it's been D'Addario J-16s since day one, and still is. Never had one bad set, out of over a hundred. I adore the sound and the reliability.So why have I never tried their e-git strings? Because the Slinkys are perfect. But I must say: so are these. I just put a set of 10's on one of my Strats, and they are as snappy yet not-too-bright as I could want. They really complement the single coil tones, especially the 2 and 4 out-of-phase positions, so if you're a Strat fan and love that tone, give these a shot.One thing that was odd but not a problem was how long these are. A few inches longer than most electric strings, in fact. No idea why, but if you have huge posts and like mega-wraps, here's your puppy. I only do a triple wrap max, so it's just more to cut, but hardly an issue.And no matter what the coated string fans say, those might stay clean longer,  but that brand-new-string ZING only lasts a few hours on any string, coated or not. So if you're recording and need maximum harmonics and overtones, or playing big gigs where tone is everything, I say stick with uncoated strings, and aside from Slinkys, these are the best I've played.
I'm always looking for the perfect electric guitar strings, as is evidenced by my drawer full of spare string sets that I felt failed me for one reason or another. A set of these came my way & as I had just gotten a 1966 Fender Jaguar I did what I always do when I get a new guitar - I restring it even though the strings were practically new. I could immediatly tell the difference in both feel & sound. The sound was crisper than the super slinkys that were on it & they felt good to my fingers. The only reason I took them off was because the Jag was for surf music & I wanted heavier gauge so I put these on my Tele, which was a match made in heaven. They sounded great but most telling is that after a month or so of heavy usage they still sound great. Reasonable price, great sound & long lasting. To me thats a perfect combo. Highly recommended!!!
Strung these up on my LP Goldtop with P-90's.D'Addario promises these strings to be "comprised of mathematically optimized string gauge combinations" that result in "greater dynamic control and a more consistent feel between strings."I dunno anything regarding the science behind this, but the main difference in gauge seems to be slightly thicker A and D strings compared to the regular set of D'Addario 10s they offer.  Its not a huge huge difference, but the strings are fairly unique in their feel and performance.For one thing, they're pretty stiff.  They bend, but not easily.  Maybe that's what they mean by "Balanced tension."  They're also a tad mellow for roundwound nickel coated 10s.  Not flatwound mellow, by any means, but not quite as bright as your regular set of 10s.  I do get a great rock tone out of them, mind you, but you may be taken aback at first by their slightly darker sound.  Personally, I like the tone I get out of them, they're big and warm without being dull sounding, but again, your preferences might differ.One thing that's GREAT about these strings is, once they're properly stretched, they stay in tune FOREVER!  Again, maybe this is part of the "balanced tension," and if so, good job D'Addario.I haven't had them on forever to really see how long they last, but they've been on for two weeks and sound just as good as day one.Who would these appeal to?  Well, if you like really light strings that bend easily, you're not going to like these.  If you're a rythm player who does long gigs, the tuning stability and big warm sound mean these are for you!
D'Addario strings are like the Kias of the string world. They make cheap products that cost a lot less but last a lot less time. These strings are OK...I've always been partial to Nickel wound (particularly semi-flatwound, but I digress). My typical strings are Elixirs, so I'm used to them lasting a long time. In this case, the strings sound good...like most nickel strings do. But they didn't last long at all before they started sounding dull and lifeless, and stopped keeping intonation accurately. So, like most D'Addario strings. So...they're not bad, but don't expect them to last like Elixirs do. You get what you pay for.
The D'Addario EXL110BT Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Balanced Tension Regular Light are great! I've been a long time fan of D'Addario strings and these strings did not disappoint.They were very easy to string my Fender Strat with and stayed in tune a good long time. The strings had a good feel to them as well.Where I noticed the Balanced Tension the most was when I played chords. You know how you have tuned your guitar and it's tuned as well as it's going to be tuned but, when you strum that first chord something just doesn't sound right? You check the tuning and it's tuned alright but why isn't it sounding right?These strings gave a clear, clean sound when I strummed those chords. Bar Chords were terrific too. Impressive.I think I have some new favorite strings for my Strat!
This looper distinguishes itself by really only doing one thing but doing it really really well at a very affordable price.  To record you simply press the button and the led will turn red, continue playing.  When done simply tap again and the LED goes to green and plays back.  At any time in the looping process if you want to overdub simply tap the button and record and tap to finish.  No need to line it up with the loop, it places your overdub exactly where you played it in the loop.  If you don't like the take a simple press and hold will erase the overdub. Want to stop and clear (two presses and press and hold) and your back to a clean slate.  I don't know the limit of overdubs but I haven't reached it.  The amount of time for the looping I believe is 5 min so you can record an entire song and overdub to your hearts content.  The tone preservation is excellent and haven't noticed any issues there.  You can get a nice variety if you put this at the end of your effects change so that you can record a rhythm that is dirty and crunchy and overdub and record, then turn off your distortion and overdub a very nice clean lead over it.  If I have something I like, I then output it to Sonar to play with some more.Pros- Small, very easy to use (1 level knob and a stomp button), designed by guitarists and it shows, true bypass and plenty of room for recording.Cons- You may consider lack of battery a con, I don't, everything goes on the effects rack and is powered through AC.  No drum track or click track but then again, the aim for this device was to keep is simple, I believe.UPDATE: I was having an issue with the looper one night being able to record but not hear myself.  I contacted support and their response was quick but they basically said it sounds like it is broken, replace at the store which I did.  It worked great then one night again, I couldn't hear myself recording.  I played for about an hour with different configurations, it seems not all 9V AC adapters are equal.  Out of the 4 I have it only liked 2.  When I used that adapter it seemed to work just fine.  So beware if you are having an issue you might want to look at the 9V AC Adapter.
This compact looper sits as the last effect in my effect loop. It doesn't take a lot of space on my pedal board and it's simple to use. I've used the Boss RC-20 and the Digitech Stereo Jam Man. Although the others have more features, I like this little pedal.It took a little time to get use to the one button operation, but I find this to be very reliable. I've owned mine since the day they came out and I have had no issues.
I can become VERY creative with this pedal and do a good many things in a great many settings.I have other musicians online who jam with me and I can really do more than a handful of things in showing them where I am going with a song.So many things I have developed.Great tool and good quality product.
Pros: works really well and is easy to use. The sound quality is excellent and bypass works fine, too. It is amazing how you can add layers upon layers without any loss of quality.Cons: it takes a bit to get accustomed to the timing, not lest because the switch is somewhat sticky and requires some extra effort, which has an impact on the timing. Also, the LED is placed too close to the switch, so you tend to cover it up with your foot. They should have put it higher up right next to the dial.Overall impression: The positive aspects completely outweigh the minor negatives. It's a great and inexpensive looper.
I bought this hoping it would be a no-frills looper and that's what I got.  It sounds great and the level adjustment works really well.  I can layer even as many as 10 or 12 layers and hear every one without problem.  I give this five stars, but I have two minor quibbles that in my mind don't take away from the rating but might be important to some:1) there is no included power supply.  If it doesn't take batteries, that's fine, but give me an adapter.  This thing was over a hundred dollars. Don't force me to buy an accessory just to power it up.2) Personally I wish there was an option to remove layers in the order they were added (not just removing the last layer, or all the layers).  I'd like to be able to build up a song with layer on top of layer- moving to a crescendo - and then back off the layers one at a time, eventually returning to a single layer.  I played a solo at church with this thing and the congregation loved it.  I started with one part, and then added layer after layer until I had a really big intricate sound.  It would have been nice to be able to then take it back down to a single part and then quietly end the song.This is a wonderful little looper.  You won't be disappointed.
Wow, for the size, this is amazing.  Plenty of time and does everything you want from a looper.  Nothing else to say it's great, if you're in the market for one, get it.
I've had a Jam Man for some time, which as a tech person, I've found incredibly difficult to figure out. Perhaps I didn't take the time...ANYWAYS... this pedal on the other hand is a 100% leap forward in the opposite direction. I didn't need instructions, just punched in, layed down a riff, and jammed for about 2 hours straight. I did this for two days in a row. It's simple, built well, and and fun to use. Can't recommend it enough. It will improve your playing, and should be a required tool for guitar players.
Definitely the best looper I've come across. Lots of looping time; simple to use; unlimited overdubs.Really can't go wrong with the Ditto!
Perfect looper that is small enough to fit on anyone's pedal board.  Many complain about not being able to use it during a live performance because of the single foot switch and they are right.  Having to do everything with a single footswitch is a bit distracting.  The ditto is great for practice, though.
This looper is serious worth every cent I spent on it. Very simple, easy to use, and takes up less space on my pedal board than my Altoids tin. The sound quality is perfect, I can record a loop and play it back through this thing and it still sounds like I am playing instead of a recorded loop (assuming I end the loop correctly). I run this in my effects loop of my ac-30's after the preamp and all the distortion I run beforehand (big muff, od, boost) all get captured clearly coming out of this pedal. The range of the loop level is perfect, just over noon and you match the input signal and over that allows you to boost your loop for a little more dynamics.I chose those over the digitech jamman express xt and I have to say it was worth the extra money, even though the sales person was a little disappointed.If you want a simple loop this is the one, it takes a little learning but once you figure it out you will love it.
I've owned Loop Stations, DM-4s, Jam Mans, Samplers and all that jazz. They're all full of crap you dont need. This pedal has flawless, colorless sound quality. It records what you sound like. You click it on, record your riff, click it and listen to it loop. Tap twice to stop or tap twice and hold to start over. You can record up to five minutes with unlimited layers. Smallest, Cheapest, easiest to use and most straight forward loop pedal you will find. If you need all the drum loops and the ability to save loops for later use, then dont get this one, but if you just want a good way to jam with yourself or a live loop similar to the DM-4 but with more time on the loop then yes get this.
Amazon and TC Electronics will not tell you that you need a 9V Power Supply. I didn't see any warning or advise in the Point of Purchase, nor in the package. This is an unfair practice from Amazon and TC Electronics.
Let me start by saying that this is a really cool pedal, and TONS of fun. I can see how this could make you a better player and i think it could also be used live.BUT (and this is a big but) this is my first "one star" review ever...My first "less-than-5-star-review" ever...same as others, switch failed less than ten days of owning it. used less than ten times total, light use at home, I wasn't even wearing shoes! By the way, a gigging/recording musician for over 25 years so i am not a youngster that misuses my stuff. Bummer too GREAT idea....poorly executed.I will not buy anther one. I will not recommend to other musicians.
I always wanted a Boomerang III looper, which at almost $500 was not really a justifiable expense for me.  Then, I found this for about $100, and I immediately sprung for it.  This is a great practice tool.  All it does is make loops.  The learning curve is very low, and there's no limit to the number of loops you can layer other than the total 5-minute recording time.  There are no quirky timing issues to be found here; your own ability to keep time and rhythm will always dictate how good you are at making loops.  This does take some getting used to, but it makes you a much better musician in the process; your drummer and bassist will thank you.This could possibly even be used as a live performance tool, although you'd have to be very, very proficient with this tool and be playing very, very tightly in the pocket.  I personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest I subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick).Students would be especially encouraged to get one of these.  My playing has definitely grown and improved since I finally broke down and bought a looper.
This is very simple to use and it records for 5 minutes....so that is awesome! The playback sound is very good quality.
I had previously owned it Digitech jam man, I also try the boss.After seeing demos of this item on YouTube I decided  I'll give it a try, I can always return it if I didn't like it.The unit is extremely small but don't let that fool you. This unit is a high-quality all metal construction it has simple easy operation and it works flawlessly. You get up to five minutes to record a loop for loops and you can get an infinite number of overdubs. Let's be serious how many people really Loop for over five minutes?The unit is transparent when turned off I would highly recommend this Looper it's well worth the money.
Tascam is an industry leader in pro audio and have been for many years. Their quality is unmatched dollar for dollar and these are no exception. Excellent sound quality, premium fit and comfort for wearing all day as we do at the station. You can't go wrong with these, we're ordering 8 more pairs!
I've tried these out in head-to-head (excuse the pun) runs versus Steelseries, Plantronics, Panasonic, and Sony headphones that all cost more... and the Tascam TH02 keeps up!I'm really surprised at how well they perform.  Lows are good, mids are clean, and highs are crisp.  Yes, the lows could be a bit beefier, but out of the headphones I compared it to, only the Plantronics excelled in that area.For fit: I have a large noggin; like, size 7 5/8 hat.  And these headphones fit well!  Not too tight, snug, but not confining. The padding is good and soft.Seriously, I'd rather buy three of these and burn through them if they break (which they haven't, and I've taken them everywhere) than spend $100 on another set.
These headphones are 100% amazing. I could not believe the sound quality. I have been an audio engineer for over 30 years and let me tell you these headphones will match those worth $200-$300...nice wide spectrum and frequency response, you will love them, well worth the price. (no I do not work for Tascam)... the first pair I bought the cord got stuck and was yanked and broke very easily....so I ordered another pair, because the sound is amazing, I just need to be more careful next time!!...but this headphone has a very delicate cord connection and construction...I have yanked my Senhieser's millions of times and the cord never broke, so be careful with the cord on this headphone...it is not the best, but the sound is superior.
I only just received these, but thought I'd give my first impression. I purchased headphones because I figured it was a more pleasant way to listen to music at work than in-ear type. I chose this model because they were on sale, seemed to be a diamond in the rough, and reviews indicated it would be good for large heads(I wear an XL hat size).The build is average. They don't feel flimsy in my hands, but you can see the plastic parts are nothing special, strength-wise. The padding for the headband is a little uneven on the seam, as you open up the headband to put the unit on your head, it sort of looks warped. The 3 meter cable is attached to the base of the left headphone. The headphones can both swivel 90 degrees forward, maybe 35 degrees back, and 90 degrees downward. The swivel joint above the ear pieces allow them to fold upward into the headband.I listened to about 45 minutes of music straight to start, and was pretty pleased. I'm not especially particular, but do like good sound. There's some good bass, classical music was clear. The headphones did make me realize I had low quality recordings for a few of my songs that I tried out(listening to the HD equivalent on YouTube cleared up problems I heard). I wasn't totally blown away, either. I do hear a little noise when they're plugged into my computer and nothing is playing, though not so for my iPod(so I'm not sure if this can be blamed on the headphones).They are comfortable, but not as comfortable as I'd like. I do feel some pushing against my ears, the round ear pads aren't big enough to fit my whole ear. They do get warmer than I'd like. I definitely feel relieved to have them off. I think they are noticeably uncomfortable after about an hour. I was a little hesitant to get over-ear headphones in fear of this, and unfortunately it did turn out to be a problem.Who knows, maybe they'll wear in and improve. I'll update this review if I have more to report. For now, I'd say they're worth the cost, even if they aren't a shining diamond in the rough. If I could give about 3.5 stars I would; but for now, I'll give 3. They are accurately priced, and overall a typical quality product. Some exceptional pros are balanced by some cons.Update 7/19:I've been stretching out the headphones on a box for a couple days, it's helped a bit. What's funny is that the adjustable portion can get huge! It's comfortable on my head at about the 3rd of the 10 size notches...but the pushing against your head is the tight part. If you adjust them larger, they just fall below your ears, rather than loosen up.Also, I compared them to the Sennheiser HD201. The TASCAMs have better sound, but the Sennheiser is more comfortable(they're lighter and the ear cups are oval shaped and fit better).Update 7/23:I think the box stretching has been helping, I'm able to wear them for about 2 hours now before I notice them getting uncomfortable. Still a relatively short amount of time.Update 8/9/2013:The headphones have been living on a box just wider than my head anytime they aren't in use. The comfort is marginally improving, I'm guessing due to the stretching out, my head/ears getting used to the pressure, and me learning ways to sort of adjust them periodically to shift the pressure. However, I think my rating will remain at 3 stars. The sound is good enough to give it a couple stars, and the price low enough for one more. However, a month should be long enough for the phones to break-in to a standard usable degree, and that hasn't happened to my satisfaction.CONCLUSION: I would suggest you find a different pair if you have an exceptionally big head(mine is about 24"/61cm circumference, or US hat size 7 and 5/8). The clamping definitely leads to discomfort, the round ear pads don't quite do the trick, and it makes your head pretty warm. It's not unbearable, but if you can find an alternative it's probably best. That being said, note that I have only reduced stars for the fit!! I can't speak for someone with a bit smaller of a head(and ears?)...if these fit comfortably, which I imagine they would for many people, they are a 5 star product! Great sounding, sturdy enough build, etc.Update 11/14/13:A friend of mine picked up a pair of Audio-Technica M50s around the same time I bought this pair, and I was able to try them out and compare for a good half hour today. I'm not very experienced with sound quality, but I felt that the M50s were definitely the winner. The most obvious difference was the added volume, but generally the sound was more pleasing to my ears. The bass seemed more supported, higher notes felt smoother and less static-like, etc. Besides the volume, these differences weren't huge. I had to compare somewhat carefully to notice them. The point of this update is just to say that you aren't getting $150 headphones for $30 with the TASCAMs. You are getting very good headphones, the sound of which should more than satisfy most people. I think you're pursuing diminishing returns in sound quality alone to pay much more than this for headphones(in this case, you'd pay 5X more for the M50s...but I don't think you're getting 5X the sound quality). The M50s are significantly more comfortable(though they do make your ears warmer), and the build feels better(stronger, smoother adjustments, prettier, etc.). All these things combined, and you may start to consider the price difference reasonable.
Soooo bummed. I simply love the sound on these cans, but the speakers are just too dang close to the surface (not deep enough in the cups) and press down hard on my ears. The max time I can wear them is like an hour, and then I can't wear them for a day or so due to residual pain. I guess if they used thicker pads to deepen the cups, that might help. Also, on most of my other phones, the speaker areas have fairly flat surfaces, while this one has the speakers jutting out of the cups and are covered by just one thin nylon sheet. So it's kind of like double trouble. However, these really do have great sound (especially the tight bass clarity). If it weren't for the discomfort factor, I would be using them all the time. As of now, I hardly use them at all. In fact, when I first tested these out, I was ready to hop on the computer and order a couple more. But I'm glad I waited to really give them a more prolonged test. Of course, we are all of varying shapes and sizes, ha ha, so they might work for you where they don't for me. If so, you've got a bargain on some great cans. If not, ouch. Cheers!
My Epiphone SST Classic didn't have the strap pin, so I took it to a place where they put the pin in the wrong place, as I don't want to do another hole to my guitar, I left it there, but I'm afraid that the strap would come off and my guitar hit the ground, so I bought these Fender strap blocks, and I use it on my two Epiphone guitars that I can't use the Planet Waves Strap lock with. My other Epiphone guitar is an Epiphone Hummingbird.They work great!! I would buy these again.
This is a good product. These work very well and are inexpensive and easy enough to put on. I like.
I have the Fender Mustang IV and I would say the fender is a superior modeling amp, but if you want to use an amp for bass and acoustic guitar as well as a modeling amp this is the amp to get. The bass sounds great and when I played Here Comes the Sun on my acoustic, I'd swear the tone sounded like the Beatles record. The modeling sound is ok  and they tell me there's a looper here but i'd have to pay an  extra $120 for a pedal to access it. Oops, there goes a star for the con job. Peavey could have easliy included or at least offered a pedal for much less. I'll wait and pick up a pedal used in the future.
Great little amp. I replaced a 35 year old Fender chorus with this. No comparison. I have it below 1 on the volume and it is still loud. The factory setup is great, but you can set it up anyway you want it.
This is an awesome amp. There are SO many settings on this amp you could spend hours with news sounds and effects, so sick! It's fun experimenting with different effects and mixing them to something new. Sometime I want to get the pedal for this amp to preset effects I like. Great amp if you're just looking for something to either mess around on or practice with. I play a lot of different songs on my electric guitars and this amp makes it really fun. I would recommend this to a beginner to an advanced player.
I have already laid down 8 tracks and the process is effortless. Easy export to Protools for final mix but the internal tools are sufficient for a decent working demo.
The Tascam DP-008EX is great!!! I love this little box! It's got a lot of features packed into a small unit about half the size of your average laptop. Here are a few of the features that I really like about it...1. It's portable and runs on 4AA batteries.2. It has compression, exciter & de-esser as well as EQ and Reverb.3. It has a mastering section with effects.4. You can record 8 tracks and then bounce them to free up more tracks.5. It feels sturdy (not that I would drop it)....just to name a few.  I compared this against the Fostex MR8mkII, which I also own and like. The Tascam has more features for the buck, as well it should as it just came out this year and the Fostex has been around a while. As another reviewer put it, this won't replace your DAW. I can record some very polished songs on my laptop, but the Tascam does come close. The mics in the front are a great feature and sound pretty good too. I have recorded a few songs on this already and found it to be a very enjoyable experience. The portability factor is huge in my opinion. Being able to take it downstairs when the kids are upstairs, or vice versa, is great. Plus it's fun to record vocals in the bathroom and kitchen areas.I totally recommend this for any songwriter who wants a nice scratchpad to put down ideas in a quick and creative manner... and then polish them up a bit in the mastering section. FIVE STARS!!!
As with any new device or toy we buy we discover the good and bad points...first the good....THE GOOD: 8 tracks that can be recorded 2 at a time...has RCA outs which is good for monitors and or headphone amp as well as a 1/8" headphone out...a durable feel, a nice design, XLR inputs with phantom power, lit screen to see better (Very Nice)... wav 16bit 44khz recordings, auto punch in, comes with a 2gb card and can take up to 32GB SD cards...has effects has a metronome, mastering internal track apart form the 8 tracks, built in guitar tuner, EQ, Compression in and out, nice dual stereo up front mics that are real good sounding and all 8 track mixing, bouncing to 2 of your tracks  even the tracks that are bounced to, the previous tracks 'that are there' that still are plying bounce too, very cool...and much more....THE BAD: short battery life, No AC adapter included, need to buy (Cheap off ebay around $8.00)...small buttons, bad sounding reverbs, auto punch in gives you 2 seconds after pushing buttons to record, COME ON TASCAM, 2 SECONDS!!!!!?????? I can't get back into recording part with a guitar in 2 lead in seconds all alone!!!!! No guitar effects or Drum patterns like Boss's BR Micro 4 and 80...(boss has it's problems too, believe me)sometimes it just hangs up, (think there is an unlock or reset pen press thing on the side)HORRIBLE REVERBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!moreEven though this untit has its good and not so goods, it is a great device, you can import and export songs to this to and from your computers recording software, remember its 16 bit wavs only to and from DAW.....Tascam please lengthin the auto punch lead in from 2 seconds to 5 seconds or more on next firmware and dont make another new unit just to improve what a firmware can do!!!....Jim
Tascam had the first inexpensive multitrack recorder on the market, and even as competitors entered the market they've managed to stay on top. I've owned or borrowed models from Fostex and Korg going back several decades but Tascam always seems to be out in front when it comes to ease of use and value. Even as the market evolved from cassette to digital, Tascam recorders have kept the same feel and ease of use. I had a Boss Micro BR-80 for a while, but I found the all-menu interface annoying and difficult to use. I kept forgetting the sequences to set up rhythm tracks, record, and mix down, and ended up having to repeat things over and over. I soon sold it, and then replaced it with a Tascam DP-004 when that appeared on the market. The Tascam wasn't really any more powerful than the Boss, and lacked the built in rhythm tracks, but it had fewer menus and more actual switches and knobs that made it more intuitive in use, and more like an actual mixing board or traditional cassette-based recorder.After the DP-004 Tascam produced a follow-on six track unit and this recorder, the 8-track DP-008. When it was first introduced a couple of years ago it really was a revolutionary unit. There were plenty of 8-track recorders out there, but none that were that small and that inexpensive. It's also more than just a DP-008 with more tracks. The DP-008 has a much improved mastering ability that allows you to adjust EQ, compression, and effects individually on tracks for the mix down, while leaving the original tracks unaffected. Like the DP-004, it has built in microphones and can also be used for direct stereo recording. Unlike the DP-004, it comes with an external power supply in the box (a $24 option with the original 004) and can use an external battery pack.I've been playing with my 008 all weekend, doing a mixture of stereo and multitrack recordings. One thing I noticed right off was that there's a significant amount of noise in the monitor mix while multitracking. I was afraid this would translate into noisy recordings, but the noise isn't there in the finished playback. I also noticed that while the basic recording functions are more or less unchanged from those on the 004, the new mixdown functions are much more complex and required constant reference to the manual. As mentioned previously, there's an awful lot of capability there and it's going to take some time to be able to use it effectively. Most of that functionality is menu-based, rather than being accessibly directly from the front panel, and I have to say that's one thing I don't really care for. The only input device you have to select functions and parameters and menus is a scroll wheel that's not nearly as comfortable as a knob or a mouse or touchpad.Most of my recording lately has been done with various Apple platforms. At home, I use Garage Band on my iMac and a USB-equipped Alesis console for input. Away from home I use Garage Band on my iPad and (for ultimate portability) iPod Touch. All of these platforms are much more intuitive to use than the DP-008 and much more powerful. Of course, they're also a lot more expensive, and lack the built-in stereo microphones and ability to plug instruments and microphones directly in without some sort of additional interface. Having XLR connectors as well as 1/4" inputs is a really nice touch, something you never saw on portables from a few years ago. I like the old-school approach of the DP-008 as well as the all-in-one package approach.If I was just starting out in home multitrack recording and didn't have a lot to spend, I think the DP-008 might be a good choice. It's really good enough to produce music for a band's first CD releases, and costs less than a decent microphone. WIth 8 full tracks there's no need to do track bouncing to get four instruments and four voices down, and if you really need to, you can bounce and add a further six tracks, giving you 14 in all. I don't think it's going to replace my iPod for pocket portability or my iPad for functionality (Garage Band gives me a full orchestra, keyboards and drums as well) but having the microphones and instrument preamps built in does make it much easier to set up and use for live recording. It should get a lot of use at my home and elsewhere in the coming year.
Everything keeps improving, and getting better, faster, and cheaper, but at this price point their isn't one available that isn't a compromise in one way or another. First off if you are planning on buying the US-322 don't. Buy its bigger brother the US-366. Getting an optical connection and additional ins and outs for such a little bit more money, as well as 192k makes it a no-brainer. To get optical (on the 366 only) at this price is great, but the A/D D/A converters leave a bit to be desired. On the other hand the mic pres are pretty good, have distortion ratings, THD of only 0.0045% and with 24 Bit/192KHz recording make these the best sounding interfaces put out by Tascam to date.What I meant by a compromise is that even with interfaces that cost 3 to 5 times this price most of them have either good mic pres, and weak clocks, or vice versa, and some work with Windows but not so well with MAC and once again vice versa, etc. I researched interfaces for a long, long time, and considering non-crash reliability and a dozen other factors I finally sprung for anRME Fireface UFX USB 2.0 or Firewire High Performance audio interface 30 in, 30 out. Now that's an interface. I have been running it with Pro Tools 9 since 2011.Pro Tools 10- Professional audio recording and music creation softwareis out and Pro Tools 11 is now being released.So if you are looking for an inexpensive interface expect some compromises in one area or another. Rather than slam it out with performance specs under a microscope, I would rather provide a review helping those who are interested in setting up this Tascam US-322 or 366 so you can save a lot of time trying to figure it out. Sometimes a little help makes a huge difference in the amount of time saved. So what I did was load, and register the free and included Cubase LE6 complete with activation and eLicense registration and installation as well as installing the Tascam driver, and doing updates for both. I know a lot of the reviews here just downloaded a driver and used their existing DAW in order to test out the interface, and therefore they didn't need to spend much time with it. I don't blame them; the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. So get out a cup of coffee because installing this complete package doesn't happen in just one hour. So here goes...If you have Windows Vista you are probably out of luck because the system requirements list Windows XP, 7, and 8. I am sure the omission of Vista is not a mistake. I know myLogitech AudioHub Notebook Speakersare non-functional in my Vista laptop if you are running Windows Media Center in it as well. It works in Win 7 just fine. So I installed it in my desktop running Windows 7 64 bit and it gives you the option of installing in 32 or 64. In addition to Cubase LE 6 it also installed AI Elements 6 as well as Agent One Content, Groove Agent One, Vintage Beat Boxes, Steinberg Drum Loop Expansion 01 which took a good amount of time to load, as well as Steinberg Halion Sonic SE 64 bit for AI Elements. I then had to activate and register Cubase LE6 which involves installing the latest eLcc, creating a Steinberg account (which is free and they don't ask you for a credit card). They provide you with an activation code after you register.I have an iLok for Pro Tools which is a USB device that enables you to run the program. Cubase does not require that you have one, although they have an equivalent looking device, but fortunately they have a software based equivalent. They do this with an eLicense which you will then update to version 6.5.4.1122. There is an eLicense control setup and you have a Soft eLicenser number that you will use in order to generate the Activation Code generated at the Steinberg site. What came on my disc was version 6.05 which they instruct you to immediately do an update, which I did to version 6.07.So we install the Tascam interface next which comes on a separate DVD. Included with the interface is a 5 foot USB printer style cable. You will need to install the driver disc before connecting it to your computer. Windows 7 recognizes it but fails to automatically load a driver. So install the driver off of the disc first, and then do the update. It took at least 15 minutes to do that update. What flashed on the screen was 154 megabytes and then all you see is an install screen with a scrolling series of round objects moving. At first it says, "This is going to take a long time", and they were exactly right. It almost tempts you to think something is wrong, because nothing is happening other than the scrolling, and then finally after ten minutes or so a dialogue box comes up and says, "Do you want to install?" and you click continue, and then it comes up again in another minute, and this happens a few times, and then finally it changes over to an installation finished box. (I have Verizon FIOS and usually download huge amount of data in a flash). Then you reboot.Now this is important. Plug the US-322 directly into an available USB 2.0 port and not into a hub, even if it is a powered hub. It simply won't work. I tried it and the light wouldn't even come on indicating USB. When I went direct the interface lit up and it worked. The manuals also warn you not to use it with USB 1.1. The US-322 comes with a printed Quick Start Guide. There is also an owner's manual for both the Interface, and Cubase that are available either on the DVD, or by Googling the same and they come up as a PDF download. If you are new to setting up interfaces be prepared to do a good deal of reading. There is a driver to choose, input and output settings, as well as going into Windows Control Panel/Sound in order to choose the interface for playback, and recording. If you're new to these kinds of setups just take your time, and don't be dismayed if something doesn't work. All it takes is for one button to get pushed and Wahlah you have sound. For example in Cubase there is a monitoring button without it you won't get any sound from the headphones. If all else fails you can go to the Tascam web site by Googling Tascam US-322 and then click on the support tab, and they have a "you pay for it" phone call number in order to help you. Hope this helps.PS: The real killer deal right now is Avid Pro Tools 9 bundle with the MBox Mini which is another limited interface but you are getting Pro Tools 9. Plus purchases of this bundle made after 10/2011 that has pro tools 9 will be able to have a free upgrade to pro tools 10 if you register your product with Avid. Considering what Pro Tools goes for by itself, and what the MBox sells for individually, and the bundle even comes with the iLok you can sell it used for what you are paying for it, and even more than you are paying for it if you take advantage of the discounts I have seen pop up as much as 20% off the already low price. Then you have Pro Tools 9, and 10 full blown versions, none of this LE stuff, and an interface, and can grow from there. This Tascam interface works great with Pro Tools. These Pro Tools 9 bundles are discounted to make way for 11, and I am seeing music stores running out of them. They are clearing the shelves preparing for 11, but it has bugs. I rarely purchase totally new versions until they have time to season some, and get feedback from users. After some time, and more updates, I will be browsing the shelves for discounts on the upgrade to 11; maybe in another year. PT 9 is all I need.
Awesome audio interface.  Perfect for my beginner studio setup. All set to trade my tracks with fellow musicians around the globe. Easy set up
Purchased this and a comparable Hosa cable. This cable works flawlessly without crackles when guitar is moved. Hosa failed the test in both performance and easy coiling. I will stick to GLS products from this point forward.
I ordered two of these cables and they arrived on time and as advertised.  They are excellent quality, clear tone and a great look.  I was actually impressed with the room that the cables gave my tone and the clarity they have.  For Price and Quality these are top notch.
First of all, 20 ft is not too long. Better to have a little bit of extra length than too short. The cable works fine and is very flexible. Also looks nice and is easier to track than plain black ones. Recommended!
The cable tangles easily. Not stiff enough.It get's in the way and is hard to stay stretched out. But the color and the cloth cover is cool looking and has a more personal feel than the common rubber types. It also seem tightly put together at the ends.
Satisfies my needs . . . nice cloth covered, large strain relied, good plugs (put a bit of thread lock on them they unscrew almost unintentionally) . . . . like it even if it's a bit long for use at home.
This is a great guitar cable its very long and does not get tangles up no matter how hard you try I recommend it to anybody who wants a good cable.
This bit of leather and a button spared my acoustic surgery to add a second strap mount. I am happy with the function and it looks good in combination with an Ernie Ball strap. The raised star on the button adds a touch of design interest.
Works great.  Easy to use
... but... they're the cheesiest looking leather I've ever seen... real leather for sure, but somehow the maker found real leather that looks like cheap vinyl imitation leather.
Works well with the AXL PG-515.  This is good quality for the price.  Snap is large and holds well; but is easy enough to unsnap when needed.  Its rare to need to remove this strap button because it slides out of the way, as needed.
I am happy with the strap button that I purchased, however they sent me the wrong one.  No big deal.
Love it, I finally found one that supports my 12 strings Alvarez jumbo acoustic guitar
This strap button works great. works so much better than the string around the neck thing.And looks better too!
just love them came really quick love all the different colors and thicknesses in all the colors you can fined a fine med or heavy
Love my assortment of picks and the price was right. I like that their is different gauges, because I don't always like using the same so this is great with the three different gauges to choose from in all these nice colours but I only received 47 instead of 48 picks but whose counting, i'm  still happy with my picks and would purchase from seller again, thanks.
I was given free picks when I bought my guitar from a local guitar shop in town. The Retailer gave me some mediums. I find I do better with heavy thickness. I have a heavy touch when I play the guitar. With the different thicknesses I can choose which works best for me. From experience it never hurts to have extra picks around. Since I bought these I have been using the Heavy thickness ones. They really bring out the extra sound in the strings on the guitar.
they are just great what more can I say They product is high quality and a good price I am enjoying them
A bonanza of handsome peal celluloid guitar picks in a variety of thicknesses.  An inexpensive way to find your favorite pick.
I have about quit using picks now.  But I needed a variety pack to try different thicknesses.  That's what you get with this.  From very thin and flexible to 0.8 and hard, you get a selection.
Perfect to try different sizes and shapes!! great quality. Buy it if you don't know which size or shape will work best for you.
Terrific way to tray out various picks without committing to a whole pack of something you might not end up liking.  And high praise for GO-DPS Music.  These guys had the product out the door the same day I ordered it, sent some great sale information on other gear, and included a catalog explaining the specs of all the picks I'd ordered.  I only spent 1.99 and I really felt like they went out of their way to earn more of my business - which they did!
A fine inexpensive assortment of thicknesses for the beginning guitarist to choose from.A great deal for a nominal amount of money.
great value
Throw this right in my little storage bag I use for my gigging materials...microphones, cables, straps, tuner, etc. folds up easy, fits great. Seems stable enough.
Solid, and super easy to use. The best for the price I supposeGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand
I bought the wall mounts for a more permanent solution, but this lightweight little stand is sturdy and adjustable. I just move it around the house wherever I feel like playing. Fold it up to take with me when I go out of town. Everyone who sees it loves it.
I love the Hola! small instrument stand. It is sturdy and folds up nicely for me to take with me when I go to the Ukulele Club. It has a nice rubber padding so I trust putting my instrument on it. I have a Tenor Ukulele and it fits just fine on this stand. It is very lightweight which is also a plus. I use the stand at home too. I stand my ukulele on it because sometimes I play and then I want to go to YouTube to listen to a particular song. It is very convenient.  I have recommended this stand to others also.Features I like: lightweight, sturdy and folds up easily.
Pros:-Sturdier than expected-Moving parts are all smooth and do not feel like they will deteriorateCons:-If you want to keep the shoulder rest on a violin, it *almost* fits on this stand.
This stand holds up my ukulele, so yay. Folded up, it fits perfectly inside the side pocket in the Hola gig bag, which I also use and heartily recommend. Make no mistake - this stand is not pretty, it feels and looks like cheap plastic, but it does the job.
This is a modeling amp.  IT has several presets, to emulate different sounds.  They factory settings for these are pretty good, and all but the first bank (of three) can be adjusted and saved as new presets on the amp.  If you get the fender fuse software (license comes with the amp) you can get some pretty amazing &#34;pre&#34; sets from fender and other users.This is not a massive cabinet, so you aren't going to get that &#34;big&#34; a sound, regardless. But for a small room it's great!Common complaint I have seen:  No clean channel/preset.This is not the case.  There are a couple of factory presets that are &#34;clean&#34; although some people want cleaner.  You can either adjust the gain/vol yourself or download one of several VERY nice very clean presets from the fender forums.  That said, one of my guitars is edgy, it wants to overdrive the amp.  Another doesn't, and is very clean, even on the factory preset clean.I very nearly got a different amp.  I went to a music store and a salesman showed me a Mustang II.  I was sold when he showed me what all it could do - then showed me the price for a Mustang I!!  For ~$100 USD this is about as much as you could possibly ask for.It'll keep me busy for a long time.
I bought this amp to use for practicing the electric guitar. There is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). People will make ridiculous claims if you choose not to purchase a $400 tube amp to practice through. (&#34;You're not getting the right tone, man....&#34; The problem with that is, there are several companies out there Marshall, Fender, Vox, Orange, etc....and they all have a variety of tube amps to choose from and they all begin in price around this one. So, I figured, before I committed to a company, maybe I could just use this Fender to emulate some of those sounds I want.That worked out beautifully. Though I am very much a beginner, I have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. I thought I needed pedals to have some of these effects, instead I can just change the channel to a preset and there is all the flanger/reverb/modulation I need. I have got to the point where I understand about how just adjusting my volume/switching pickups and using the built in guitar knobs can alter my tone enough to stand out when I want to.I would not have been able to do that without this amp. This amp helped me develop as a beginner so I wouldn't waste money buying other things, beginners think they should get. Excellent amp and I recommend getting this over the Mustang II. Save the difference for your real amp that will come when you actually know a little more.
I bought this along with a new guitar for my daughter, as she is learning to play. My son has also joined in the fun. This is a pretty complex amp, and will require quite a bit of time to figure out everything that it can do. It can be a little daunting for a newbie.
Luv it, I had version #1 and this amp isnt much different.they both are cheap and sound great plus u can connect to the computer software
Do not expect this to sound like a Fender Frontman with 2 x 12" speakers. But for practicing in your bedroom or similar it's perfect. Plenty of sound effects to mess around with. Are they as good as dedicated $100 per stomp box effects? Probably not, but so what. Just found out the best part of this amp. You can connect it via the USB port to your PC not only for using the rather cheesy Fender software, but it lets you pipe your guitar's sounds into software like Garage Band. You can thus save yourself a dedicated audio interface like an M-Audio M-Track or similar. PS: It is not recommended to go directly from the guitar to the MIC or LINE IN in of your computer (even with the right adapter plugs) as the impedances will not be right. On top of that, I have connected the Mac's headphone audio out to the amp's AUX in! Sounds MUCH better than listening to the PC's normal puny speakers.UPDATE: While the built in USB interface does work, a dedicated device with good pre-amps like the Focusrite 2i2 is much better in getting guitar audio into a computer.UPDATE TO THE UPDATE: While I am keeping this amp for convenience I have quickly learned that NOTHING can match a real tube amp. You can simulate all you want (and I am talking much more expensive SW solutions, its like imitation chocolate vs. REAL chocolate. Got the Marshall DSL 40 Watt combo. Amazing sound.
works as advertised, good construction, folds easy, holds acoustic or electric, does not nock over easy or at all.  good product
What a great A-frame stand, especially for the money. It's lightweight but super-stable. I like it so much that I ordered three more. All 7 of my electric guitars fit wonderfully onto the stand, as do my acoustics. The similarly-priced Fender is a FPOS. It leans WAYYY too far back.I couldn't have hoped for more from these stands. Buy one. Buy a couple.
Works great, does what it should, holds all my guitars securely.  acoustic and electric, but not at the same time.  haha
I cold not believe how much more sturdy my guitar is in this stand. I had the typical guitar stand before and had to be very careful about it tipping over. This one is so secure and my guitar has never felt like it would tip over. Small and sturdy. I use it at practice and during our live shows. You can't go wrong with this.
I bought 3 of these and will by more for my guitar collection. Cheap but work. Nothing fancy...just functional. Nothing more to say, but it said I needed 1 more word.
YES, DEAR READER, THIS STAND WILL WORK AS A GOOD SUPPORT STAND FOR NOT ONLY MY GRAND CONCERT SIZE ACOUSTIC GUITAR, FOR  MY FIVE- STRING BANJO (WITH RESONATOR), AND.ALSO  FOR MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STAND IS.STURDY, PROVIDES GOOD SUPPORT, AND LOOKS GOOD.  I AM PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE. AND WILL PROBABLY BUY ANOTHER JUST LIKE IT FOR MY BANJO. THE PACKAGE ARRIVED IN TIME AND WAS PROTECTED BY AN ADEQUATE SHIPPING CONTAINER..
Not much to really say but its a great stand that is durable and i have no problems with it and it does not scratch your guitar.
Just barely gets the job done...I have a Fender Jazz Bass Standard.  The shape of the body of the guitar does not fit the arms of this stand and it forces you to position it very carefully to avoid the stand collapsing.  It is very low quality, not particularly sturdy and my cords get wrapped around it constantly.  Its JUST good enough, but if my room were larger and my guitar out in the open, I would be constantly worried about it falling over.  I will definitely be replacing this with a better quality stand in the near future.
Not the best but not the worse. This stand works as expected, it can hold a guitar. All the surfaces that make contact with your instrument are covered with rubber padding which is important. Only downside is there's no neck support. I used this mainly for putting my guitar down when not playing not for displaying!
Simple to deploy and holds the guitar very effectively. Good value. Low to the ground, so balance is not an issue.
Inexpensive and practical. You don't have to watch out too much when placing a guitar on this - just about any angle will work. Needs little space, another plus.
What really can you say about Switchcraft, they just make good solid parts.  Grab one, drop it in and replace that old broken import jack.
Bought this as a replacement for a vintage guitar I am re-doing.  I've learned the hard way that there are some things you don't skimp on.  And this is one.  Switchcraft is what we used in the Air Force 40 years ago, and are still some of the best-made electronic components out there!
It's smaller than i thought, it works fine and it picks the string really fast. It does only tune in the regular A tune (so E, A, D, G, B, E). So since it's a gift for my father in law it works just fine, but since I use a A flat tuning for my Gibson, and even lower (G) for my Jackson it doesn't work for me.
This a great chromatic clip on guitar tuner.  The letters are big so you don't have to strain your eyes to see the notes when you tune.  Clips easily to your guitar and turns where you can see the letters when tuning.
I have a few tuners that are somewhat like this GT-1 Clip-on Tuner. However this is the best one I have because of the format of the Clip-on Tuner GT-1. The size of the Clip-on GT-1 one is also great. So far the tuner is very accurate. in conclusion I would like to say that the Clip-on GT-1 is a good quality. However I could have got this product for a lot cheaper!
This is one of the best tuner I have had, what a great value for a low cost.  Thank to all for selling this Guitar Tuner at Amazon.
Every once and a while I play the bass guitar and while I use the Snark for my guitars, itwill not tune the bass; this tuner does a great job of that task, plus the guitar.
I like using these strap ties far more than I do tying a strap to the neck.  They are a great idea.  I found the button on the strap somewhat difficult to install the strap, but eventually got it on.  I have two of these, and I use them.  I'd definitely recommend them to anyone who doesn't like tying on their guitar straps.
If you do not want to have a hole drilled in your new Martin guitar, this is a must have product. I didn't want to have a hole drilled in a new Martin guitar, so this worked fine wit the Martin leather straps. Actually I bought two of them..... It is a 5-star product.
this is a great item.and works as reported.It seemed to be in my fretting hands way a little,but its ok
I have other capos and decided to try this one, and I have to say I love it! I have used the Kyser (spelling?) for years as my favorite, and that is a good capo - but I will say that this one is more sturdy and seems to be even stronger on the strings with no buzz. I will have to update this in a few months to see how it holds up - but I love it so far.I use it on my Taylor 910ce, Taylor 718e and my Epiphone Anniv accoustic.
I bought this due to the constant problem of getting that awful out-of-tune twang with my previous Planet Waves capo when I would try to reset the capo on a different fret.  Planet Waves capos are awesome, don't get me wrong but this one is specialized for acoustic and works wonderfully.
First let's get the easy stuff done with.  This capo is beautiful,  It is clean with an even silver matte finish that looks good in the box (nice packaging) and equally good on the guitar.The capo is solid, the spring mechanism feels good in the hand and when it clamps down on the neck you can see (and hear) there was thought put into the capo to make sure the pressure on the string is even and the neck is well protected. No sharp points to damage the guitar.  And this thing is easy to use, squeeze, put on neck, done.  You could easily move this during a gig and then store it on the edge of your neck when not using it.  I tried this on my acoustics and electric and was happy with both.  When playing the strings behave as normal.  No odd muting or dropouts.  The capo is solid on the neck.I have to say I have not used a capo in a while because the one I have is pain.  With this new capo I am happy to use it.  This thing is great!  Easy to use, efficient, sturdy, looks nice and SOUNDS GREAT!
These headphones are almost perfect. The sound is great, good balance between highs and lows. They are comfortable too as far as ear pads go. The only problem is the size. These are for people with big heads, or who wear headphones over a hat, or who are buying headphones for their pet grizzly bear. Maybe all the people at Tascam have really big heads. Mine is average, and these slide down because the headband is too large even at the smallest setting. So minus one star for that. Otherwise, sound quality is excellent. Comes with a 1/4 inch adapter, which is nice. Good price.
To describe my impressions of the TH-2000-S versus my well-used Sennheiser HD-201s I chose a few favorite reference tracks that illustrate different instrumental timbres and production values:  I like to use recordings I know well so I can quickly detect varying emphasis in frequency response and clarity.Andres Segovia - `Variations on a Spanish Folk Tune - Narvaez' from `My Favorite Spanish Encores'.In my opinion one of the finest recordings of solo classical guitar I've ever heard, both for the performance and the sheer beauty of sound.  The distinguishing points of this opening piece are the bass notes that Segovia's arrangement of the original vihuela-texture really emphasize. For me there's a difference between bass presence and bass clarity: I'll gladly trade less `oomph' in the gut for the kind of definition the Tascam's bring out:  warm, well-defined, with a crisp and clear treble edge. The Sennheisers, while equally balanced, were far muddier and less defined at the low end with less presence and sparkle on top. They were also considerably quieter and this applies across the board - the TH-2000-S just puts out a lot more sound at similar volume settings.Jeff Beck `You Know What I Mean' from `Blow By Blow'.The George Martin production remains for me one of the most colorful instrumental electric guitar records ever made.  The clean separation and space in the mix between guitar, electric piano, clavinet, bass and drums is always a joy to hear on a good sound system. The TH-2000s again demonstrated more punch in the mids and bottom end than the Sennheisers and overall more presence. It's a 24-bit recording and this is the first time I can honestly say I hear the difference - like being there in the control room, seriously. There's a greyness to the Sennheisers that frankly never bothered me before, but after hearing the Tascam phones, I doubt I'll ever be satisfied with less again.Stravinsky Violin Concerto - Anne Sophie Mutter from `Mutter Modern'.The words I keep coming back to are `presence' and `clarity'. I can hear string attacks, counter voices in woodwinds and an increase in overall spaciousness with the TH-2000-S that I simply don't hear with the Sennheiser phones.As far as craftsmanship, the TH-2000-S weighs more than my other phones and much of that weight is in the band rather than the cups. The sliding cup adjustment is easy to move yet ratcheted to stay in place securely when removing the phones casually. The cup mounts are really well-designed and allow fine-grained 4-way rotation that guarantees a snug fit regardless of the size and shape of your head and ears. I like the balanced feel and snug fit on my admittedly large head. The 2-3" cushion along the inside of the band and in particular the adds comfort.The cord is a hybrid - the 2-3' closest to the phones is flat 1/8" diameter, well-insulated 'matte-finish' and flexible. Beyond that there's another foot of coiled wire that will comfortably expand another 3-4 feet.  I think it's a nice compromise that's probably biased towards most users sitting fairly close to an output jack - you can avoid having to deal with excess cord unless you need to.As we get older our hearing changes: for most people it's a decrease in high-frequency response but it also occur across the entire spectrum.  Simply listening louder isn't always the best solution and it can be a tremendous ear-opening experience to try a pair of better quality headphones. I'd encourage anyone excited by quality sound to experiment and these Tascam TH-2000-S are a good place to start.
The TASCAM TH-2000 headphones are like putting a pair of studio monitors on your ears! They are great! Excellent bass response (not muddy at all), tight mids, and clear highs. To boot, they are extremely comfortable as well. The foam fits nicely around your ears, conforming to the contours of your face. They are adjustable, so if you have a huge head you can still wear these. The only drawback that I can see, and I don't really even consider this a negative, is the coiled cord. Some people may not like that. All in all these are great headphones - I have listened to all varieties of music with them, monitored recordings with them, etc... excellent! By the way, they also are pretty good at cancelling extraneous noise in the background, making the music come out clearer. Kudos to Tascam for making such good headphones!May 12, 2014 UPDATE ------These headphones quit working after just a few months of working properly. I have a couple pair of inexpensive behringers that have lasted through more abuse and are still working. What a disappointment!!!
I was doubtful this would work but it will give you a fairly accurate reading of all six strings at once.  I do like that the volume is reduced when you switch it on.  The only issue I have noticed is that some strings it will read as slightly out of tune (1 red bar) but when you go to individually tune it you sometimes fine it is not flat.  So for me it is a quick check while I am in between songs, anything with 2 bars or more will get more attention.
This thing rocks! Best quality than polytune  1, lighter and best switch. Brighter screen. Simply the best for fast tuning
I had just purchased a Polytune about 6 months to 1 year ago, and was a little annoyed when I saw ads for the Polytune 2.  Mine was still brand new to me and worked really well.  But after reading and watching about the improvements in this update I decided to take the hit, sell mine for a loss of $20 and get the new one.  A GREAT choice.  This Polytune 2 is amazing - bright, accurate (strobe option), well built...did I say bright?...improved foot switch... It's just another example of TC hitting it out of the park yet again.  Highly recommend getting one of these, you know, unless you want to grab a 1st gen for a deal... ;)
This pedal is great help on stage. It's fast and accurate, and with polytune &#34;option&#34; you can easily find which string is out of tune.
First off this is a overdrive pedal with a MOSFET circuit engineered to sound like overdriven tube distortion. The pedal is very good at this. There are a lot of tones available but fully cranked through a large amp, this is on par with the warm tone of another EHX pedal, the Big Muff Fuzz. The tone function is kindof useless to me I like to keep it on, With the switch turned on the effect is a little too harsh. Don't let that keep you from checking this hot rod out. I love mine. Its a keeper.
Tone is subjective and 3 stars means it just OK to me.  It does need a hot signal going in to sound good, so use a boost in front of it or hot pickups.  The distortion is fuzzy, but not fuzz, almost like a fuzzy static.  The EQ switch that removes the tone circuit causes the pedal to become really dark so I always have the tone in the circuit. I used it with a vintage Vibrolux Reverb. This is not my go to pedal or my go to second pedal.  I am still trying to figure out how to use it so it sounds good to me.  It is made well. For the money I am not mad I tried it.
The EXH Hot Tubes compact pedal offers a very unique sound and is difficult to review from an objective standpoint.  I had no knowledge of or experience with the original full-sized Hot Tubes pedal from the late 1970's.  And, frankly, many of the reviews I read online about both the original and the reissue were less than flattering.  I think part of that hatred comes from the fact that you have an analog pedal without actual tubes that claims (both in the name of the device and in the artwork on the casing) to sound like an overdriven tube amplifier.  Really, though, if you think about it, doesn't EVERY overdrive pedal (including the venerable Tubescreamer) make that same claim?When I plugged into the Hot Tubes, I was surprised, but immediately intrigued.  I actually ended up purchasing this over the excellent East River Drive, which was very good, but also a very &#34;familiar&#34; sounding clone of a TS-808.  What the Hot Tubes does is anything but &#34;familiar&#34; from an affordable OD pedal.This pedal has a significant amount of output, and (unlike many other overdrives) it has considerable low end.  In fact, it likely even adds bass to your sound.  There is a tone circuit bypass switch that I do not fully understand.  Basically, with the switch off, there is no tone control, and they advertise this sound as &#34;powerful&#34; and touch-responsive. Since the pedal trends to the darker side of things, however, I actually left it in the &#34;on&#34; position and worked the tone from the 12:00 to 1:30 settings.The gain structure is as bizarre as it is unique, though it actually starts to make sense if you think about how gain responds on an actual vintage tube amp.  From the 7:00 (0%) setting up to around 12:00, your tone basically remains clean, provided you started with a clean signal.  My setup was a Strat into a Fender Super Champ X2, which is a tube/hybrid amp with a great clean &#34;Blackface&#34; setting.  However, the Hot Tubes completely transforms that tone.  That setting on my amp is normally bright with some great upper end chime, but the Hot Tubes offered a thick, smokey tone that was mostly clean, with maybe a bit of muffled grit mixed into it.As you start get past 12:00 on the overdrive knob, the amount of gain increases exponentially.  At this point, the pedal behaves more like an overdrive, though the gain is almost fuzz-like.  Some people have described it as a &#34;Jack White&#34; type of sound, but I'll really leave it to individual users to decide if they &#34;like&#34; it or not.There are aspects of this pedal you could be objectively critical about.  First, I want to make clear that this is a DARK, bassy pedal.  In that respect, it is completely different from the EXH Soul Food and East River Drive, both of which have some measure of bass drop.  The tone circuit only helps to open up the tone a slight bit, but it could do more.  I do not believe this is the type of overdrive you would stack with - it might actually benefit from a brighter overdrive stacking INTO it.  If your rig is already on the dark or muffled side, you may want to stay away from this pedal.  That being said, I would definitely recommend &#34;try before buy&#34; with this one because it is different in hard-to-describe ways.For now, my rating is 5 stars - solid EHX construction, very compact, accessible 9V jack (on the top where it I like it), and a unique overdrive sound at an affordable price that doesn't sound at all like the other overdrives I have.  It certainly won't be for everybody, but so far, I like what I hear.
THIS is truly the bestest bangest for your buckest! I've tried dozens of od pedals in the past, (I hate this term) boutiques and non boutiques before I finally stick with SS/BS Mini OD as my always-on pedal cos that thing is a supersonic bad ass since it could cover my needs on clean boost, edge-of-breakup "clean" sound, distortion, or even a messed up broken speaker fuzz tonez.. only with your guitar volume knob! (please note that you'll need to have a treble bleed circuit to do this)Okay back to this EHX, I'm kinda tired of messing around with guitar volume knob on the mini so I bought this Hot Tubes as my "clean" breakup sound so that I could hit it hard with a cranked up Mini OD. And this, my friend.. JESUS APPROVED! The point is, this pedal's so great and has a great range of dirt.. also works awesome with your guitar vol knob as well for the gain range. It's literally like an overdrive coming from a tube amps. I can be really fussy about od pedals but this one is a keeper!PS: Look at the price.. do you really have to overthink on getting this pedal? Just get it, try it, and see if you like it, jeez! :-)
This thing is incredibly cool.  Double the record time of the closest competitor- the TC Ditto- and about twenty bucks cheaper.  Your loop can be as long as 10 minutes, with unlimited over-dubbing.  This pedal sold out in about a day on most of the big retailers- likely due to pre-order obligations and a delayed release.  It was worth the wait.  You can add layer after layer of sound to build a wall of music.  It's a really cool tool for jamming, performing, or composing.  Operation is simple- press once to record.  Press again and it begins playback.  Press a third time to dub on top of your last layer.  If you make a mistake, press and hold- it will erase your last dub.  Tap twice to stop play of the loop.  Press and hold while stopped and you will erase the whole thing.  Switch is a soft switch, so there is no click.  It is very responsive to pressure.  There is a single knob to control the volume of the loop.  Nicely done, Digitech ;)
At the time of me writing this review, these little guys are hard to find and keep selling out quickly.  I was lucky enough to get my hands on one early.  I almost purchased the very nice Ditto Looper when I started looking for a small and simple looper pedal.  The Ditto is great and should be considered if you are in the market for a tiny looper pedal that does nothing but loop well and at an affordable price.  That said, the Digitech Express XT is a little better.  Both work well but the Digitech has a few more features in almost as small of a foot print.  Here are those features.  The Digitech takes batteries or a power adapter, is cheaper than the Ditto, has 5 more minutes of looping memory, can be daisy chained to other Digitech loopers for multi-tracking and they synch, has LED lights so you know where you are, and it has stereo in/out.  None of these are deal breakers alone but together and currently for 30 bucks less, the Digitech Express XT is the clear winner IMHO if you can find one to buy.
Sound quality is great. I also have the very first JamMan with the add on 3 button footswitch.  I wanted a smaller footprint so I purchased this.  Don't expect to run out and use it at a gig without practice though.  In a band setting, your time has to be spot on when you are hitting to record, stop and playback.  Slightly more difficult than the BIG JamMan Looper but very usable.  This blows away the Ditto pedal by another manufacturer......I had that one first and it is horrible to use....sold it.I am happy with it and use it live in a 3 and 4 piece band situation to cover rhythm parts when I am soloing and for harmonized double lead passages.  Excellent quality.  It has a lot of great syncing features but I do not use those.  Find a youtube video to see all of its potential.  Best looper for the money.
this is a simple loop effects pedal which makes awesome quality loops and unlimited dubs.  you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome.
I purchased this pedal at a local music store for practice and possibly doing some loops at open mics with my Roland GR55 (which has a flawless basic looper built in, but only 20 seconds record and no undo). I had hoped that it would at least last one hour on with a battery so that I wouldn't need to carry a power adapter along.The factory battery lasted about 1 hour. The second brand new fresh Duracell battery lasted about 20 minutes. I started recording a loop with another (3rd) fresh battery (tested 9.10 v with a multimeter) and the unit started behaving erratically after a few seconds of recording, suggesting that it was faulty. The lights started coming on and off randomly (record/undo/all three together, then off, then undo on, then all three on etc. etc.)The first time I used the JamMan XT (with the factory battery) it seemed to be working OK and all I can say is that as a basic looper it sucked.I am used to synching loops with other loopers and timing is everything, so I know it was not my poor technique. The main problem was that it didn't matter how hard I tried (even if I did a manual fade out) there was always a gap of about 2 seconds between the end of the loop and the start. This makes the unit useless.Also, it is poorly conceived in that, to replace the battery you have to take out 2 screws... exposing the delicate printed circuit board.The potential for damage here is very high. Also, replacing the screws needs to be done very carefully to avoid cross threading the screws and messing up the receiver nuts which are mounted directly onto the circuit board. To save a few dollars Digitech did not have the foresight to manufacture the unit with a battery box which would have protected the electronics and possible (read INEVITABLE) damage.I have owned quite a few Digitech products over the years and generally they are well thought out and well constructed but they have really dropped the ball on this one.It's going back to the store where I purchased it.
remember those little sticky gummi hand things that you used to get out of the quarter machine at the grocery store?Sticky Hands - 12 per unitThese are kinda like that, but a little thicker and shaped into blue rectangles that are approximately 1" x 2".you can stick them to any part of your drum head to dampen sound as needed. They even work on cymbals if you're looking for a quicker decay!The closer to the center (or more pads you use), the more dramatic the effect. You can also cut them to get more pieces out of them if needed. If you drop them or they end up getting too dirty to stick to anything, you can wash them in the sink with dish soap and air dry them.I've been using them for years and they work amazingly!
I really wanted to like these, but they're a frickin, lint-catching sticky frickin' mess! They went from my wife's snare back into the holder in a New York Minute, have never seen the light of day, and may have been thrown in the garbage. Save your money. We use a heavy stoneware coaster with a cork back to quieten her snare now.
I am a guitar player who bought a drum kit for people to jam on when they are at my place. I also bought a lesson book for drums, for myself. I point this out so you know &#34;who&#34; is writing the review; a rookie drummer...I did some research before buying and found most if any negative comments were along the lines of &#34;if you tune your drums properly...these aren't needed&#34;. Well, news flash, I'm not a freaking drummer or expert drum technician with years of experience. I can tune them half decent with the torque tuner I bought (Rhythm Tech RT 7350 ) but there are several drums that still had overtones or prolonged sustain that I did not like in my tiny jam room.This moongel was so simple to apply it is a crime and I just moved them around a little to get them in a position that was both out of the way and killed the resonation I wasnt liking. So what's not to like? I love it!Cost wise, Amazon was a few $$ more than the local GC but then again, it was quick and simple.I liked it so much I bought a second.
I seem to have problem with getting it to &#34;hear&#34; low E (of all strings) but it is very compact and convenient to use.
I love these clip-on tuners. I have several but this is the first one I purchased that is a bit of a pain because there is not angle adjustment for viewing it easily. I have to move the guitar neck to see it right and that makes it inconvenient.
Added December 5:Has yet to fall off the fiddle scroll again so the 5 star rating stands without an asterisk.Added November 8:I put the star back.  I've got (another) one on one of my banjos.  It does require a teeny bit of twisting a neck (either mine or the banjo's!) to see it clearly, but the size is more convenient if you want to carry it in your pocket and there's no neck to snap.While it may have some trouble staying affixed to a fiddle's scroll, it seems firmly rooted to the banjo's headstock.-------------------------Original November 4:This tuner has a display like the SN-8 rather than the SN-1 after which it is named. It's like any other Snark Super tight Tuner.I've taken off 1 star for two reasons:(1) I find I have to twist either my neck or my instrument uncomfortably to use it. Maybe it's just a matter of finding the right place to put it.  I'll keep trying.(2) My music partner immediately adopted it for her fiddle thinking she could leave it on all the time.  It was clamped solidly on the scroll but, to do that and have it be comfortable to read, the tuner was hanging down while playing.  Eventually it slipped off.  If it weren't kept on, this wouldn't be an issue, but that's how the advertising shows the tuner being used--clamped to a guitar headstock, hanging down. I'll report back if it doesn't happen again for a while. Even if this *is* an issue, its small square shape makes it very easy to slip into a pocket while not in use, so I still think it's worth 4 stars.
The larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so I thought this might be the answer.  The answer is to treat your larger Snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  I have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  I'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  It is cheap though.  Still to me it was money out the window.
The only reason I give this 4 instead of 5 stars is that I've noticed it's response is a little less than the original (bulky) Snark SN-1. I must admit I haven't checked out a new battery, as with my original Snark, a new battery made a big difference. But the size is something that cannot be beat (the original Snark is a little ungainly) and this tuner really fits beautifully on my Strat. I have a Boss Tu-2 stompbox tuner and am thinking of freeing up my pedal board real estate and using this instead.Overall, this is a definite buy.
This works well.  Has nice ergonomics, fits all of my acoustic guitars, and is easy to use.  No adjustments are required for my guitars, but it is nice to know that the options is available for this capo.This capo comes with a pick holder.  And, it is expandable with aD'Addario NS Micro Clip-On Tunerthat attaches onto the lower arm.  I do not use a pick, and I use my own tuners, so neither of these two features is applicable for my needs.This capo has moved up as one of two highly used capos for my guitars, the other one being theG7th Performance Capo.  The G7 capo goes with my Takamine New Yorker, and this Planet Waves goes on everything else.  If anyone needs to use a capo, I loan out myKyser Capo.Recommended.
I have been playing guitar for more years than I care to admit. Okay I bought a 1966 Telecaster brand new back then. Still have it and love it. I have a lot of different guitars, mostly electric, and 4 acoustics. On my electrics I love extra light 8 gauge strings. (Only about 5% of us do) I can fly on those and do things at a pace this is a lot more difficult with heavier gauge strings. Anyhow I digress, but for a reason. Light gauge strings are subject to tuning problems if you have big fat frets like the .050&#34; found on Gibons and ESP-LTD's. When you squeeze the string to fret it, with light gauge strings it is all too easy to squeeze it all the way to the fret board. With X-Large jumbo frets that can be quite a distance making the guitar go out of tune. The cure for that is using heavier gauge strings such as 10's or more so it makes it possible to determine quite easily just where the top of the fret is without doing the full squeeze all the way to the fret board. So most capo's work with 10's and on up because there is a lot more tension on the strings. So a lot of capos can create a comfortable fit fully fretting the strings without them going into the sharp note zone.So since I use lighter gauge strings, and even 9's are subject to the same limitation, I have had a hard time finding a capo that would sit comfortably at the top of the range between the fret and the board, and still squeeze the string sufficiently so as to not create any buzz and do so without making the string too sharp. Guess what? Now I found it. I have several capos and none of them make the grade for light gauge strings except this one. To be honest with you I was surprised when it worked.Okay so here is how I put it to the test. I used the Snark headstock tuner which is a great little tuner if you know the secret to using it. I also have the Peterson HD tuner bench model which is fodder for another post with its one tenth of one cent tuning accuracy. Okay back to the explanation.With the Snark you tune the open string until the line stays in the center without wavering off to one side. The only problem is that most any headstock tuner I have seen they aren't superbly accurate. (The Peterson headstock tuner I sent back because it was acting crazy. Anyhow...) So the secret to using the Snark which I like best out of the headstock tuners I have tried is to tune the open string first, and then fret the string on let's say the 5th fret. You will occasionally find that a string in the open position registers as being in tune, even though it may be a little sharp, or a little flat, so when you strum the whole chord you will get a desire to tune it, so your ears can hear it, in order to get it spot on. There is nothing more beautiful than a perfectly tuned guitar, and nothing worse than one that is well out of tune.So by tuning the open string, and then tuning the fretted string, once both are in tune it is right on. So in the open position if by chance it is a tiny bit sharp, not enough to register on the tuner, when you fret that string, for example on the 5th fret that naturally stretches the string a little bit, making it sharper, which will now show on the Snark as a note that is too sharp. Once you balance the open string, and the fretted string you really have a wonderfully tuned instrument. You don't even need to hear it. So your audience is not listening to you tune up, yet you get it right in the sweet spot that we all love and know so well.So with that being said you can more fully understand why this D'Addario NS Artist Capo is the cat&#8217;s meow. It is the first tuner that I ever used that kept the guitar perfectly in tune after clamping it on the neck. (It is adjustable like the others are, but this one is sensitive for light gauge strings as well)You often see artists trimming up their tuning after putting on the capo; not with this one even with light gauge strings. I must admit I was surprised taking it right out of the wrapper, after going through the above tuning procedure to get the guitar spot on, that it immediately did the job just right. It wasn't even a little bit sharp.To be super critical here is another tip. When using this capo put it closer to the fret, rather than in the middle between two frets. For some reason it stretches the string less in doing so. It has to do with the tension resistance at a steeper angle right alongside of a fret, rather than farther way like in the middle between the two frets. I did get a tiny bit of sharpness when positioned between the two frets. (With 8 gauge strings)Since the two most important factors are that it is comfortable to use, not getting in the way when playing open chords and keeping the guitar in tune. The best way to use this capo is to simply clamp the strings right above the second fret for example, rather than right below the third one. Right below the third one gives you that perfect tune also, just like right above the second one does, but it keeps the capo way out of your way. As a matter of fact I am so accustomed to using the capo position to know where to finger the chords, that I sometimes make a mistake and fret them one lower than they belong. With a little practice, or not even looking at the guitar instantly corrects that. To say this quite simply is to say use this capo farther away from your hand. You just slide it down to being right above the fret below it, rather than right below the fret above it.So there it is. This Capo does the job perfectly and is light and easy to clamp. Of course if it can accurately handle 8's it will breeze through anything thicker. Out of the box it is set at its lightest setting, and that is perfect for 8's on the Telecaster I tried it on. Teles and Strats really have the same neck just with different head stocks. So it will work the same with both.So I guess I can't recommend this capo high enough since it is the ONLY one that works perfectly with super light gauge strings. My only problem is being sure to remember which guitar case it is in so I can switch it over when using a different guitar. I might get another one for a backup.
For years I used Kyser capos and the handle for them always sticks out and that can be an issue. Planet Waves' NS has a smoother handle that doesn't stick out as much and i've had no issues with gripping it on or off so far. It is easy to put on and off and it holds the strings down properly. If you're looking to buy a capo i'd recommend this over a Kyser.
I own several capos, but this is the first with an adjustable tension.  Several of my acoustic and electrics have different types of curvatures in the neck.  I picked out a couple and selected one of my other capos to match play against the NS Artist. There wasn't a whole log of tonal differences near the nut when I compared the capos, but when I compared them from the 5th fret on...there was some slight noticeable differences.  Granted, I had to readjust the tension on the NS Artist. Why readjust?  The neck's character changes slightly as you get nearer the body, and to ensure that I had just enough and not too much tension (after all that's why it's adjustable), I readjusted the tension.  The tonal differences were more noticeable when I played softly, and less when I cranked down.  All in all...not a bad capo.
I am a fan of Planet Waves NS capos, but this new one is not very well designed. The way it sits on the guitar is sort of backwards. I find my left hand hitting the lever when I'm in open position. Frustrating. It does have a pick holder, which can be handy, and a place to put an NS tuner, which can also be handy. I just think it could have been better designed. I don't particularly care for this capo and will likely not use it for much stuff. I'll stick to my other NS Planet Waves capo or my old faithful Kyser.
This is one of the nicer capo's Ive used.  Certainly superior to the old school band-based jobs from yesteryear.  One of the nicest features is it can be clipped on the head while not in use and then you can quickly grab, position, release and go.  Heck, you could probably place it mid-song if you were so inclined to do so.Also it clamps without bending the strings.I've used it on my Start, Les Paul and Martin all with no complaints. I hardly ever use a capo, but if I need one, I am glad to have this one.
I have to confess to a particular image that comes to mind when I think of capos.  It's the image of an earnest folkie, with mastery of C, G and D, but still struggling with the A. A good player should be comfortable in any key.  But there's still an occasional place for a capo, and that's when you need open strings in a chord.I tested this capo on several guitars, and with one exception it worked well.  Steel-string dreadnought, archtop jazz box, and Les Paul worked nicely.  Not so much on a flat fretboard classical.  The capo has a slight curve that works well on any curved neck.  But on a flat neck there's a little string buzz on the D and G strings.  While the capo's grip is good, it still needs to be fitted right behind the fret.  This means that it can get a little bit in the way for passage work. That's probably a rare problem for the intended user.All in all it's a nice little capo.  Goes on and off with no fuss and fits the majority of necks.
This is the best capo we have (out of three). We were not unhappy with the others until we received this one.Pros:Easy to use tension adjuster that helps tune out buzz and also helps keep the guitar in tune.Easy to put on the guitar. Although the tension is good enough to press the strings down so they don't buzz, it is not so tough as to keep the fingers from compressing the string onto the fret.Nice pick holder feature.The micro adjuster is easy to adjust. It turns smoothly and is kept in place by the spring.Cons:None!This is the capo to get!
Notice in the name guitar INPUT. This is not to be confused with the Amplitube iRig which achieves input and output through the iPad/iOS devices headphone jack. Headphone connections can be noisy and have reliable connection problems. They also depend on the built in AD/DA converters in the iPad/iOS device. This Apogee Jam 96k is a professional quality INPUT device that has dedicated A/D analogue to digital converter, but depends on the built in hardware of the iPad/iOS device for playback. On the other hand &#34;Apogee One&#34; has both AD and DA convertors for both input and output.Amplitube iRig from IK Multimedia has a simple stereo headphone in and out jack plug that plugs into your iPad. The built in hardware in the iPad is something that I love for doing something like watching a movie cozying up to the 10 inch screen, but for audio-phile quality you need a dedicated a dedicated pre and AD convertor and that is what this Apogee Jam 96k has. Mind you it has that for audio recording input, but playback is handled via your headphone jack on your iPad. You can of course just use that for monitoring your mix, and then save the file in a digital format internally, and send to a playback device with pristine digital audio quality; e.g. saving as a .Wav file. This makes the Apogee 96k Jam a very usable device to achieve high quality recordings at a very nice price.So here it the continuum. Amplitube iRig for headphone jack input and output quality built into your iPad etc. The Apogee Jam 96k for digital quality conversion on input only with playback being handled by headphone jack on iPad. The Apogee One on the other hand at roughly 3 times the price gives you both AD/DA conversions so it has its own audio output jack plus 2 tracks of recording either 1/4&#34; instrument and/or a balanced external microphone jack. It also comes with a built in condenser mic that is pretty amazing. It also has 48 volt phantom power for using your favorite condenser mic. When you get into the Apogee Duet and Quartet you get more connections, plus the all too important option of MIDI connectivity.
So, first up:  I've been using Macs to record music since the G4 Cube... yeah, go look that up.  Anyway, I know my way around audio recording on Apple devices.And then: yeah, this thing looks kind of cheesy or flimsy...BUT: I haven't encountered anything so Plug & Play simple as the Apogee JAM 96k since Gefen introduced the iMic.  Just plug in the USB or Lightning cable, plug in your instrument and GO.Also, it's not flimsy.  It is made of plastic, but the thing has a bit of heft to it and survived a tumble to the floor from my desk.It pulls power from your machine, so no worries about some adapter introducing hum to your recordings. This also helps those of us using electric guitars that don't have extra-wound humbuckers.I tested the Apogee JAM on a new (2014) MacBook Air, an iPhone 5, and a 2013 iPad Mini.  Garageband instantly knew what was going on, but ProTools did need a bit of coaching.A small device that doesn't color input sound and doesn't get in the way... just what I needed!
This will work with my daughter's iPod Touch generation 4.  However, the "Garage Band" app is for iOS 7, and hers is an iOS 6.1 and will not update to 7.  So, though she can't use Garage Band, there are others that are supposed to work.  She downloaded the Ampkit app and it works great with her iPod and the Apogee Jam.Here is a list of other apps that are supposed to work with the Apogee Jam:AmpkitAmpliTube (version 2.5 or greater)Amps & CabsAnytuneApple GarageBandAudio Deck ProfessionalBias iProRecorderEveryDay LooperFairlight SamplerFantastocrats StudioMiniGibson's L&M;Hindenburg Field RecorderiAnalyzeriMovieiRecorder ProiShred LiveJamUpLoopyMcDSP Retro RecorderMultitrack DAWNano Studio (TRG-16 pad sampling)PocketAmpPocketGKReap DFXRiot FXRock Prodigy: GuitarScratchTonesSonoma FourTrackSonoma GuitarToneStudio Devil Guitar AmpTaylor EQVocaLive (version 1.5 or greater)Voice MemosXewton Music Studio 2.0It's a pretty cool idea, but the cords are a nuisance.  Most electric guitar players like to stand while playing, and the cords need some managing to keep them out of the way and not have them pull out of their connections.  I was surprised at how small the JAM is.....slightly bigger than a Bic cigarette lighter.  Using this is much more convenient than lugging an amp around, and it saves on other's ears and nerves if they can only hear the acoustic playing of the guitar strings, especially if you are beginner guitarist!Overall pretty good, and very simple to operate.  Just make sure you have a full charge on the device of your choice.  My daughter also used it to record her playing and said that was easy to do.
I've been recording on my iMac, iPod Touch, iPad, and iPhone for some time, using Garage Band. Interfacing with the iMac is easy, using various USB devices- I'm currently using a USB-equipped Alesis preamp. iOS device interface is a bit more difficult; it is possible to use USB preamps, with an externally powered USB hub, but that starts getting very complicated and messy.  I've been using simple devices like the 1K that  split the headphone/microphone jack into two separate cords, one for headphone, and one for guitar. The problem with this sort of configuration is that it's very easy to overload the microphone input, and the recording quality done this way is not very good. The Apogee JAM is a big improvement over this method for a number of reasons. First, it contains its own dedicated preamp and A/D, and because of that it delivers a wide dynamic range and excellent fidelity. Interface issues are non-existent; plugged into both the iPad and iPhone it was immediately recognized. I didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables.The JAM is significantly more expensive than the simple interfaces, but on the whole I think it's worth it. It's simple to use, has no detectable latency, and delivers excellent sound quality. It does seem to draw a fair amount of current, and battery life  is shortened significantly when using this with an iPhone. You'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. With the iPad, this isn't as noticeable. Even with that issue, I think the JAM is a good value.  The various iOS devices are capable of making very high quality recordings, but only with quality input. Given the cost of an new iPhone or iPad, the cost of the JAM is rather trivial in comparison.
These may be my new favorite bass strings.Likes:- Bright.  I'd call them &#34;very bright&#34;, except they don't seem to have the harsh twangy tone I'd expect.  They seem bright, yet still soft.- Clear.. The lows sound present and clear.- Consistent flex.  Once I had these on for a couple of days, the tuning seemed very stable.  The tone seems to sharpen less when they are played hard, compared to my last strings.- D'Addario brand.  To me, these guys have a long history of making excellent strings.- Playability.  These feel pretty supple and effortless to work with.- Price. I feel like I should be paying more for these strings.Technology:- New design. &#34;Textured round&#34;.  This is a round-wound string with a hex-shaped core.Overall, love these.  Especially for the price.
This is the perfect fit for all my basses. I have two Ibanez and two Essex basses. They recommend the light top medium bottom string gauge. I play fingerstyle and they feel great. They have corrosion resistant packaging and since corrosion is what kills your strings the longer you can keep it at bay the better. They are made in  the USA and they use recycled packaging. I cannot attest to their lifespan but the package says long life so we will concede that point.
I'm mainly a guitarist but I do play bass from time to time on an old Fender American. These strings are very bright in a good way with a clear, smooth sound. I love the tone you get out of these, very bluesy and the punch isn't too rough it's just right. I'm a huge fan of D'Addario, been using their strings for at least 4 years and they never disappoint. Give these a try if you're looking for some new strings.
I put the set on my Squire Jazz Bass with threaded bridge rollers. If you don't like loading up the tuners, trim a few inches off the leads; they're about 8-9 inches and have no cloth covering like Fenders. I usually play medium gauge flatwounds on this bass and the FlexSteels have overall less tension. I let out the truss rod a half turn to eliminate buzzing (yeah, ironic for a set designed for slapping).Gave them a good stretch and they're holding pitch well. I find the windings on the FlexSteels more comfortable than Rotosounds - at least comparing new-to-new. That helps when playing more horizontally with a lot of position shifting.Overall I'm more into jazz and classic prog than slapping and there's plenty of 'piano low-end sproing' (Squire, Lake and Ray Bennett fans will feel right at home, fingers or pick). The set is so bright-sounding in fact I had to roll a considerable amount off.The label says 'Light Top/Medium Bottom' (45-65-85-105): I found the gauge balance between the low E-A and the high D-G a little more pronounced than I'd like, but not outright uncomfortable.
I've been using D' Addario strings for 20+ years to great satisfaction.  These flex steels are excellent.  Bass tones, response and resonance are superior to my ear.  You can't go wrong with these guys.
I play guitar and bass, but the gitpicker in me envies full-time bassists because they almost never break strings, and bass strings hold their tone far longer than guitar strings. The price has also come down to where you can spend well under a hundred bucks a year on strings and always have fresh tone rich with harmonics. You don't know how good you've got it! And these D'Ad's are very good all-round strings, though they make a lot more noise than flatwounds and even "normal" nickel wound, so they're not for sloppy fingers.Very nice for funky players and those who want more definition and edge, these FlexSteels ring nicely and I like that the bottom E is a tad thicker at 105 than the usual light set's 100. Because these are pretty bright, that extra oomph is nice. And I'm a big believer that the amp can fix string issues much more easily with bass than guitar, so merely dialing out a little treble or even rolling off the volume a bit on your bass will take care of that. But if you're popping and slapping, these come through loud and clear. I really like the feel of the low E when I thumb pop with these.I play a P-bass with my index, middle and thumb, and these punch nicely at that scale length. The pickups also like them, and they get plenty loud, with full definition and plenty of top end, but not brittle. With a Trace Elliot or other high-def amp, these would be very unforgiving for all but the most exact players. I bet Marcus would kill with them.I think these are perfect for funk, and excellent for almost all rock styles. Obviously flats are better for jazz, but these make a good all-around string and for less than 20 clams they're a great deal.
A great set of bass strings with all the right features:- Perfect balance of bright/punch and warmth- Right, deep tones- Great feel and playability- Stable tuning- &#8220;Textured round&#8221; design with hexagonal core shape- Durable- Easy to stringMy father uses D&#8217;Addario on his telecaster and acoustic guitars, which originally prompted me to choose D&#8217;Addario for my Fender Jazz bass.  I can say that the brands&#8217; reputation carries over to bass&#8212;these are phenomenal strings.
I've been using D'Addario XL nickel wounds on my P-Bass for a long time. They have a lot of tone, they seem to last a long time, and they're not very expensive. These strings have the same feel as the nickel wounds, but are a lot brighter You get lots of overtones and high end from these. The choice of gauges is a little different from the regular XLs, too; instead of the .085 A and the .100 E they have a .085 A and a .105 E. That's just enough to give you a slightly more solid low end, and more metal to dig into, while retaining low tension in the D and G. I'm more of an old-school player and prefer nickel for that mellower sound, but if you're into funk or more modern sounds, you may feel that the bright SS sound is for you, and if so, these are a great string.
I installed these on a Fender Jazz bass with active electronics. After stringing them up & tuning I immediately noticed how really sharp they sounded. I play finger style and they really added a clear definition to each note played. They sounded great all up & down the fret board. Where I really noticed the difference was in recording. Been working on a new batch of songs and a the bass to the songs on the recordings made after these strings is noticeably superior to the ones made before. Except for the songs with acoustic bass I will be going back and re recording the bass parts to the songs made before I installed these strings. I  don't play slap or pick bass so I can't say how well they work for those styles but for my purpose they come very highly recommended.
These are some bright strings!I play with a pick and mostly stay in the realm of rock 'n' roll, so no comments on the slapping and popping claims the packaging makes, but there are plenty of great rock tones to be found.  Heck, crank the amp and dig in with a pick and these would be great strings for any Motorhead covers you're planning on playing!  Good bright steel tone, not anywhere near as harsh on your fingertips (or frets!) as Rotosounds, and they're only a Jackson, not a bad string!
I have preferred Ernie Ball Extra Lights which is a nickel string. They have a smooth depth of tone which is my preference. The NYXL's have a brighter tone, good playing ease, and stay in tune better when making new string changes. If you have a mahogany body guitar such as the Les Paul junior specials then the added top end would make a very nice match, or if you like a brighter tone on any guitar the same applies.These are not coated strings which a lot of strings in this price range are. Pertaining to output I am a firm believer that although you can notice a difference quite readily between certain types of stings in &#34;acoustic/unamplified&#34; output, but once you plug them into an amp with a volume knob the difference disappears.These do stay in tune better than my usual Ernie Balls nickels when you first put them on. The nickel takes a day to stretch into the tension of proper pitch. These have their tension adjust better on the first day of use. After the nickels set in you may not notice much of a difference. I find that by lightly sanding the nut with 1000 grit paper, and using Big Ben's Nut Sauce on all of the contact points of the string does more for keeping a guitar in tune than any other. Having these NYXL's on there is just one more added benefit.I would say if you are looking for a brighter tone, with better tuning stability, these are the ones to have. You can tell from the wall to wall 5 star reviews these are the one to have.
I normally get Elixir strings, but these sounded too good to pass up. They are indeed some high tech strings, with features including break resistance and improved tuning stability. Plus they feel and sound good. So grab a pack and get jamming. You'll definitely want to check these out.
At about twice the price of their standard strings, These D'Addario NYXL strings make lots of enticing claims about tuning stability, higher breaking point, and something called &#34;fusion twist&#34; (which I swear is a rare Chubby Checker B-side).Having just put a set of these on one of my guitars, I can't speak to any of the claims of superiority over other strings, but I can say they are solid, dependable strings with lots of &#34;punch and crunch&#34;.
I ordered these for my husband the guitar player.  He loves these strings.  He said they are high quality and make his guitar sound great!  Highly recommended.
I'm a long time D'Addario user. From the time I started playing I've tried most of the different brands out there and always end up back with my D'Addarios. I got the .09's to try on my Strat and the .10's to try on my LP and found that these new NYXL strings do have a little better output and stay in tune a little better but the trade off is the cost. Currently they're $11.99 on here compared to $4.99 or less for the regular version. So if you burn through a lot of strings, that may be a consideration. I don't go through strings that frequently (I'll change on each guitar every 2 to 3 months) so it's not a big concern for me.
I usually play an .11 on top and first grabbed my digital caliper to confirm the gauge of the high E in this set &#8211; it felt heavier than a .10, but the LED doesn&#8217;t lie and it confirmed .10.I put the NYXL set on my Ibanez Artist with DiMarzio  humbuckers. I stretch new strings out of habit; I don&#8217;t like the constant slipping as they settle.  I stretch all six strings in about 4-5 segments up the neck, retune, and hope for the best.There&#8217;s no whammy bar on the Artist and, for the first few days, I did a lot of blues bending to see how they&#8217;d hold up - the NYXLs stayed in tune very solidly with only minor tweaking as to be expected with any strings.I chose a darker-sounding guitar than a single-coil Fender, hoping the supposed brightness of the NYXLs would be more noticeable. On this guitar I usually play D&#8217;Addario XLs and an Ernie Ball &#8216;pink&#8217; set on my Strat so I&#8217;ve got two points of reference.In terms of tone, from the start the NYXLs sound much closer to &#8216;broken in&#8217; than the Ernie Balls. There&#8217;s far less &#8216;new jangle&#8217; to them and, while they&#8217;re bright, they&#8217;re manageable for the kind of tone I&#8217;m after. I play jazz in a more contemporary vein &#8211; in terms of tone more Scofield and Abercrombie than Wes Montgomery and Jim Hall.  I like a rich tone with some high end but without too much &#8216;klang&#8217;.In terms of feel and tension the NYXLs are stiffer and closer to the regular XLs than to Slinkys, which is probably to be expected. But oddly, the windings of the low E-A-D remind me a bit more of the Ernie Balls than XLs, whose windings feel a bit wider.Three weeks on, with the onset of warm humid weather around here the strings are showing no rust and still sound fresh.With so many players going through modeled amps and effects it&#8217;s a fair question just how much the tonal quality of electric strings still matters &#8211; or are we headed for &#8216;virtual strings&#8217; designed mostly for durability and intonation. Will we be dialing in &#8216;new and klangy&#8217;, &#8216;broken in with worn windings, or &#8216;sweated through and rusty&#8217;.I like to believe there are enough players out there young and old still fussy about tone and the role a good set of strings plays in delivering it.  To them I&#8217;d say these are worth checking out.
I have used D' Addario electric guitar strings for years and have always loved their feel, playability, tone and reliability.  This set is no exception.  Light gauge for those who like to shred a little more but still great tone.  Highly recommend anything by D' Addario.
For a long time, I never thought much about guitar strings. I pretty much thought they were all the same.In fact, guitar strings seem to be enjoying a technological renaissance these days. D'Addario has gotten into the act with these NYXL strings, and I have to say that they are not like any other strings I've used.The feel is different, and the sound is different. Different in a WOW way. Yeah, they're more expensive, but they're worth it. I'm a cheapskate, and I can't go back to cheap strings.Now I'm spoiled, and I've become a guitar strings snob.
I've been stringing my guitars with D'Addario for several years.  While my jazz box is set up with heavy strings, my Les Paul goes lighter--horses for courses, you might say.  I've been using D'Addario XL strings on this guitar for a while, although it's the EXL140 (slightly larger bottoms).  But why not give these lighter strings a try?  The quality is obviously high.  Tone is good, as is durability.  If you do much complex chording, you're going to miss the heavier string, but for shredders and pure rock players these are very nice.  I'll be going back to the EXL 140s, since I prefer the more positive feel of the larger string.  But fat or skinny, D'Addario makes some of the best strings out there.
Don't get me wrong, the improvement over the old formulation is noticeable. There's a little more &#34;brightness&#34; to the output, they are a little more long-lasting, and they stay in tune quicker and longer than the normal XL120. This is a good string.But it looks like the going rate on these strings will be 12 bucks a set. I can get three sets of regular (excellent) XL120 strings for that money, and if the NYXL lasted 3 times as long then they'd be worthwhile, but I've been able to try them twice now, and they don't last 3 times as long.Great string, great innovation, great achievement, drastically overpriced.
I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to other brands including Martin and D'Addario.  I got a set of these strings as well as the Phosphor Bronze design through the Vine program and chose to this set out on a Seagull Artist Mosaic rather than on a Taylor, Martin or Gibson. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.I have also tried the new Phosphor Bronze strings in this series on a Gibson and had fine results.  Because I did not use both sets of strings on the same guitar, it is not possible for me to really compare/contract the. These strings play as smoothly and easily as do the Phosphor Bronzes and seem to add a good deal of depth to the already resonant mellowness of the Seagull.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments.
I can't speak on the claim for a longer string life.  The strings are true to Elixir's quality and tone.  These strings sound great plug and unplugged.  I also had the opportunity from Vine to try the phosphor bronze too.  There are tonal differences as expected.  The 80/20 are brighter, but the tones are clear and crisp.  When amplified, I did note less finger noise as I re-positioned or slid my fingers along the strings.  I didn't notice any difference to the feel of the string...as compared to other nanoweb Elixir strings that I have used over the years.  Time will tell if these strings last longer than their other versions.  For now, even if they only last as long as the other nanoweb ... you're still getting a good deal.
I have reviewed these strings before, and frankly, I wasn't all that impressed with the tone the first time around. I think they feel great on the fingertips and they're very playable, especially for a picker, but I just wasn't sold on the tone. To be fair, I only tested them on a few of my dreadnought guitars, and found them lacking. There seemed to be a drop-ff in tone when switching from my usual strings (Martin SPs) to these.So this time, I decided to try them on a much smaller guitar. I have a Yairi Alvarez AY-20, which is a 000 sized guitar, and they sound terrific. I'm no engineer or physicist, so I really can't explain the mechanics of it all, but they definitely sounded much better on a much smaller guitar body, and they produce a very clear, bright tone across the higher range, and hold their own on the low range.I still don't think they're the best thing since sliced bread, and I still think they're a bit overpriced, but I have no complaints about the quality other than the fact that the coating seems to wear off sooner than I would expect. This seems to have no effect on the tone, but for what these cost, you'd think the coating would last a lot longer than two months (I play daily for at least 30 minutes a day).Overall, these are good (but overpriced) strings that definitely work well on certain types of guitars. You'll just have to experiment to see which guitars sound good with them, and which don't. In my experience, large body guitars lose tone, but they sound great on a smaller body.
I was looking forward to trying these, as I've loved this company's product since day one.But I think they've messed around with the gauge, slapped a meaningless &#34;HD&#34; tag on, and added a few bucks to the price. More profit in someone's pocket for marketing jargon.I have a smaller-bodied guitar, so these should have, by their claim, given me better balance, but imho, the opposite happened. The bottom dropped out, the top end stopped sizzling, and the middle strings totally took over when I strum with a pick.When I play with fingers it's better, but not worth spending more money on than the normal .012s I've been using (which I think I liked a lot better).It's possible that these work great on the Taylor guitars they were ostensibly designed for (color me skeptical), but I'd say if you're happy with what you have, you need not try these.Again, long-time user and big fan, but paying extra money for a slightly different gauge and a silly &#34;HD&#34; moniker... no thanks.
I put these strings on my Guild acoustic electric. I play mainly rhythm guitar to accompany my singing and do a bit of fingerpicking.The warmth of phosphor bronze strings suits my style and these strings have a great tone with crisp high notes and full rich bass ends.They are made by Taylor and all Taylor guitars come with Elixir strings. Saving up for a Taylor, in the meantime, at least I can afford the strings!These are very good long-lasting strings. To me, D'addario are just as good. Things like strings and picks are subjective. Try different brands to find what suits you best. If you are a serious player with a good guitar you should definitely check these strings out.
I ordered this for my husband, the musician.  He said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel.  He would definitely purchase this product again.
I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to Martin PB about a year ago (when I acquired a new Martin... Surprise!) I got a set of these strings through the Vine program and chose to try them out on a Gibson Songwriter Studio Deluxe CE RATHER than on a Taylor or Martin. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.They are even smoother and easier to play that I remembered them. Of course, these new strings have improved the technology which becomes more and more important to me as my fingers age right along with the rest of my body. The sound is sweet and warm and the Gibson has never sounded better - played plugged-in or unplugged.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments.
True to phosphor bronze these strings have a mellow and full sound.  You still get finger noise as you slide your fingers when setting up for the next chord, but the noise is somewhat less. I have used other Elixir nonweb coated strings and these strings are in par with them.  I can't speak to the string life.  The boast of these strings is that will last 3 to 5 times longer, and if that is the case, I will run out of time to submit my feedback.  So far now, they sound great, feel great...and if they don't last as long as the other Elixirs, you'll still come out ahead since they shouldn't cost any more.
I'm a D'Addario man myself, but hey free is free.  So I jumped at a chance to try these strings out.  Thus far they have proven durable both in terms of playability and longevity of tone.  So many other variables to consider when rating strings such as the guitar they go on, the gauge of string being used, the playing style and climate of the end user, etc.  These are a solid performing string set, though I am unlikely to switch allegiances from D'Addario any time soon.  Still there is no reason to fear trying these Elixir's out.
I have lots of friends who play these strings. Some love them more than any other string, and some are like me. They're clearly good strings, and I love the way they play and feel on my fingertips, but I can't get past the sound. It could just be about how the strings sound on my particular guitars, but in any case, I'm not happy with the sound and that's why I have a hard time giving them a solid five-star rating.I tried these on two separate guitars I play regularly, and wasn't terribly impressed with the sound on either. One is a vintage dreadnought mahogany guitar that normally has excellent tone, and is crisp, clear and fairly loud. These strings softened the tone, which I wasn't looking to do. They sound okay, but nowhere near as good as the Martin SPs I use to really bring out the best in that guitar.I also have a cutaway electric/acoustic I use to sing with because it's fairly quiet, and the softer tones don't drown out my voice. These strings made the guitar even more quiet, and there was a considerable drop-off in tone quality as well. They might have been cheap, old strings, because I couldn't tell that there was anything special about them. This particular guitar didn't have spectacular sound to begin with, and these strings did nothing to improve it. I like strings to either sound as good as other strings, or improve the tone and pull more from the guitar. These strings did neither for me. However, they sound just great when the instrument was plugged through an amp.Based upon my experimentation, I would guess that if you have a great sounding guitar and you're not a fanatic about slight drops in tonal quality, you'll love the way these strings feel and play. I rate them excellent in that category. But for me, tone is 80% of the equation. I'd play wire-wrapped rope if it sounded better than regular strings. In the tonal category, these strings fell short. On a guitar with excellent tone, I noticed a distinct drop in tone quality, and on another softer, more muted guitar, tone quality vanished.In the final analysis, if you're a picker and your guitar can be plugged in, you'll love these strings. If you're really into great acoustic tone and your guitar doesn't have stellar tone to begin with, you might gain some 'playability,' but you will most likely experience a slight drop in tonal quality.
Great, just as expected.  Thank to all.
I've been thinking about trying the Nanoweb strings for a while, but I was a bit put off by the high price (they cost about twice as much as the uncharted strings I've been buying)  and the comments of some reviewers that the tone of coated strings is noticeably duller. I was intrigued by the promise of long life, though; I have a Taylor Big Baby that I bought used, and which came with a set of Nanowebs that had probably been on it for a year- and they didn't sound at all like old strings. This review set gave me a chance to finally see for myself how they sound when new.I'd just changed the strings on my 1970s Gibson Gospel a week ago, so I decided that would be my reference. The Nanowebs went on my 1970s Guild D-35. Both are well broken in, solid spruce top guitars. The Gospel is a bit brighter sounding, but I'm pretty familiar with the sound of both guitars. If they D-35 sounded dull, I'd notice.As I was unwrapping the Nanowebs I noticed that while they were labeled "Light" gauge, they had a 0.013" E string- something you'd be more likely to find on a set of medium gauge strings. The B was a .017, compared to the .016 of the D'Addarios I usually play. The rest of the strings were there usual light gauges. Turns out that these are "HD Light" gauge, designed to have a slightly more tension and better articulation at the high end. The difference shouldn't be enough to require any truss rod adjustment so I went ahead and installed them on the D-35.So how do they sound? The unwound E and B don't sound different from any other plain steel string, of course. The E does feel a tiny bit stiffer, when I switch between the D-35 and the Gospel. Sound-wise, I'd say they sound like a good set that have been on a guitar for a day. I wouldn't call them dull by any stretch of the imagination. If I didn't know that they were coated strings I certainly wouldn't be able to tell from playing them. So they're good sounding strings, and they last a long time. That leaves the question of cost- are they worth twice the price of uncoated strings?Here's the way I see it: If you're a heavy strummer, or playing gigs every night, maybe not. You're probably breaking strings or losing them to metal fatigue long before they'd go dull from corrosion or contamination. But if you're a finger picker, or a light strummer, a coated string will probably save you a lot of money in the long run. And if you're a hobby player who keeps a guitar around the house, and picks it up once in a while to entertain friends or family, coated strings are probably an excellent choice. For myself, I'm going to leave these on the D-35 for as long as they still sound good. I'll update this review when I find out just how long they do last.Follow up: After playing these for a few days, I actually went out and bought a set in the same gauge for my Loar LH-350, an arch top guitar with a carved top that gets played more than any of my other guitars. They sound great on the Loar, and now I have two guitars to do a long term test on.
These strings are really quite good, but I wouldn't call them perfect.  The unwound strings are not quite as bright as I am accustomed to, but they still ring nicely.  This is the only complaint I have about these strings.  If the unwound strings were a tiny bit brighter, these would be 5-star strings.  As it stands, I give them 4.5 stars... not a big knock, actually.The low-end on the wound strings is very nice and quite warm.  I put these on a jumbo and it definitely accentuates the &#34;jumbo&#34; aspect of my acoustic.  The sound is very big, full, and nice.Definitely a recommended product!4.5/5 stars
